Entry 1
File: 0001_V0573776F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Dr. Edgar A. Mearns, Collector

collectedBy: E A Mearns

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 2832

verbatimEventDate: Jan. 10 to Feb. 2, 1910

minimumEventDate: 1910-01-10

maximumEventDate: 1910-02-02

verbatimIdentification: Cyperus callistic Ridley

latestScientificName: Cyperus maculatus Böck.

identifiedBy: J Raynal

verbatimDateIdentified: 19.10.1971

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Congo Free State

firstPoliticalUnit: Lado Enclave

secondPoliticalUnit: Bahr el Jebel

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: "Rhino Camp," Bahr el Jebel, Lado Enclave, Congo Free State

locality: "Rhino Camp," Bahr el Jebel, Lado Enclave, Congo Free State

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 468360

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 2
File: 0002_V0576008F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: COLL. F. G. OVERLAET

collectedBy: F G Overlaet

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 1923-4

minimumEventDate: 1923-00-00

maximumEventDate: 1924-00-00

verbatimIdentification: Habenaria

latestScientificName: Habenaria

identifiedBy: B Pettersson

verbatimDateIdentified: 1984

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Belgian Congo

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: N/A

locality: [precise locality unknown]

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 752356

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 3
File: 0003_V0576279F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: R. A. Maas Geesteranus

collectedBy: R A Maas Geesteranus

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 4924

verbatimEventDate: 14-VI-1949

minimumEventDate: 1949-06-14

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pycreus segmentatus C.B.Cl.

latestScientificName: Pycreus segmentatus C.B.Cl.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: Dombeya mastersii and Olea hochstetteri

country: Kenya

firstPoliticalUnit: Nyanza Province

secondPoliticalUnit: Londiani Distr.

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Tinderet Forest Reserve, Camp I, lat. 0° 5' S., long. 35° 27' E.

locality: Tinderet Forest Reserve, Camp I

habitat: glade surrounded by rather open, tall forest, containing a.o. Dombeya mastersii and Olea hochstetteri

verbatimElevation: 2260 m

verbatimCoordinates: lat. 0° 5' S., long. 35° 27' E.

otherCatalogNumbers: 1417352

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 4
File: 0004_V0577013F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J. M. et B. Reitsma

collectedBy: J M Reitsma

secondaryCollectors: B Reitsma

recordNumber: 2013

verbatimEventDate: 3-3-86

minimumEventDate: 1986-03-03

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Bulbophyllum scaberulum (Rolfe) Bolus var. scaberulum

latestScientificName: Bulbophyllum scaberulum (Rolfe) Bolus var. scaberulum

identifiedBy: O Kosovsky

verbatimDateIdentified: 2011

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Gabon

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Primary rain forest, ca 6 km NW of Oveng, chantier Rougier Océan. 0 41 N x 11 07 E

locality: Primary rain forest, ca 6 km NW of Oveng, chantier Rougier Océan

habitat: Epiphytic orchid, growing in big clups together. Flowers greenish-yellow. Leaves hard, succulent

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: 0 41 N x 11 07 E

otherCatalogNumbers: 2310219

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 5
File: 0005_V0577892F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Carvalho

collectedBy: Carvalho

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 2102

verbatimEventDate: 26-VII-1986

minimumEventDate: 1986-07-26

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Mariscus alternifolius Vahl

latestScientificName: Mariscus alternifolius Vahl

identifiedBy: C. Cebolla & Mª A. Rivas Ponce (UAM)

verbatimDateIdentified: 1995

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Equatorial Guinea

firstPoliticalUnit: BIOCO

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Malabo

verbatimLocality: Malabo, finca las Carboneras, 32NMK7415, 8 m. Bosque secundario y terrenos incultos. Herbácea, 20-30 cm

locality: Malabo, finca las Carboneras, Bosque secundario y terrenos incultos. Herbácea, 20-30 cm

habitat: Bosque secundario y terrenos incultos

verbatimElevation: 8 m

verbatimCoordinates: 32NMK7415

otherCatalogNumbers: 220110

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 6
File: 0006_V0578553F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Fernández Casas

collectedBy: F Casas

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 11206

verbatimEventDate: 5-II-1989

minimumEventDate: 1989-02-05

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Agrostis manii (Hooker fil.) Stapf

latestScientificName: Agrostis manii (Hooker fil.) Stapf

identifiedBy: C Cebolla | M A Rivas Ponce

verbatimDateIdentified: 1993

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Equatorial Guinea

firstPoliticalUnit: BIOCO

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: cumbre del pico Basilé, 32NMJ7396, márgenes de la pista

locality: cumbre del pico Basilé, márgenes de la pista

habitat: márgenes de la pista

verbatimElevation: 2870 m

verbatimCoordinates: 32NMJ7396

otherCatalogNumbers: 2200806

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 7
File: 0007_V0574052F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: COLL. F. G. OVERLAET

collectedBy: F G Overlaet

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 1923-4

minimumEventDate: 1923-00-00

maximumEventDate: 1924-00-00

verbatimIdentification: Scirpus

latestScientificName: Scirpus

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Belgian Congo

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: N/A

locality: [precise locality unknown]

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 752378

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 8
File: 0008_V0577681F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: C.J.P. Seegeler

collectedBy: C J P Seegeler

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 2806

verbatimEventDate: 23 October 1972

minimumEventDate: 1972-10-23

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Vernonia abyssinica Sch.Bip

latestScientificName: Vernonia abyssinica Sch.Bip.

identifiedBy: G J H Amshoff

verbatimDateIdentified: 1982

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Ethiopia

firstPoliticalUnit: Shewa

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: c. 3 km from Metahara, on road to Nazareth

locality: c. 3 km from Metahara, on road to Nazareth

habitat: In full sun on lava rock. Erect herb, about 90 cm high and 30 cm wide. Stem pale brown, near the top brownish-green. Leaves medium green, beneath paler with pale midrib. Involucre pale green with dark green tops. Florets at opening dark purple, older paler to almost white. Anthers pale brown. Pollen white. Fruits brownish-black with yellowish white pappus

verbatimElevation: 925 m

verbatimCoordinates: c. 8°56' N, 39°55' E

otherCatalogNumbers: 2302805

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 9
File: 0009_V0597557F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: N/A

collectedBy: N/A

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 48

verbatimEventDate: 05.08.2003

minimumEventDate: 2003-08-05

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Cardus leptacanthus FRES

latestScientificName: Cardus leptacanthus FRES

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: N/A

firstPoliticalUnit: Sud-Kivu

secondPoliticalUnit: Kabare

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Musisi

locality: Musisi

habitat: Herbe

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2257689

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 10
File: 0010_V0594376F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J.M. Fay

collectedBy: J M Fay

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 8017

verbatimEventDate: 25 May 1987

minimumEventDate: 1987-05-25

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Burkea africana Hook.

latestScientificName: Burkea africana Hook.

identifiedBy: J M Fay

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Central African Republic

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Park Manovo-Gounda-St. Floris. Vicinity of Camp Koumbala.

locality: Park Manovo-Gounda-St. Floris. Vicinity of Camp Koumbala.

habitat: prec: 1200 mm

verbatimElevation: 600 m

verbatimCoordinates: 08°29'N 21°12'E

otherCatalogNumbers: 1999188

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 11
File: 0011_V0597275F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: P.C.M. Jansen

collectedBy: P C M Jansen

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 5996

verbatimEventDate: 14 April 1976

minimumEventDate: 1976-04-14

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Cirsium vulgare (Savi) Ten.

latestScientificName: Cirsium vulgare (Savi) Ten.

identifiedBy: C C H Jongkind

verbatimDateIdentified: 1987

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Ethiopia

firstPoliticalUnit: Harerge

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: around Damata Village, near Alemaya. Between chat and Sorghum fields

locality: around Damata Village, near Alemaya. Between chat and Sorghum fields

habitat: Herb, c. 1 m high. Stem whitish green. Leaves dark green above, whitish green beneath. Spines yellow. Involucre dark green. Disc flowers only, lilac red

verbatimElevation: 2000 m

verbatimCoordinates: c. 9°24' N, 42°01' E

otherCatalogNumbers: 2302849

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 12
File: 0012_V0597626F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Amanda Koch, Wilson Sakuda

collectedBy: A Koch

secondaryCollectors: W Sakuda

recordNumber: AK61

verbatimEventDate: October 22, 2003

minimumEventDate: 2003-10-22

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Acacia reficiens misera (Vatke) Brenan

latestScientificName: Acacia reficiens misera (Vatke) Brenan

identifiedBy: P Mutiso

verbatimDateIdentified: November 02, 2003

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Kenya

firstPoliticalUnit: Kajiado

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Oloishobor

verbatimLocality: Kenya: Kajiado District: Oloishobor

locality: Kenya: Kajiado District: Oloishobor

habitat: Dry bushland

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2309478

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 13
File: 0013_V0597688F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J. Lebrun

collectedBy: J Lebrun

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 2409

verbatimEventDate: Mart 1931

minimumEventDate: 1931-03-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Albizzia gummifera (Gmel.)

latestScientificName: Albizzia gummifera (Gmel.)

identifiedBy: C A Smith

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Congo Belge

firstPoliticalUnit: Uélé-Itimline

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Lela (Uélé-Itimline)

locality: Lela (Uélé-Itimline)

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 867368

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 14
File: 0014_V0588237F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Verd court no 2077

collectedBy: Verd court

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 2077

verbatimEventDate: 25. 12. 1957.

minimumEventDate: 1957-12-25

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Digitaria pernaka (Hochst.) Chov.

latestScientificName: Digitaria pernaka (Hochst.) Chov.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Kenya

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Tsavo - Titiko Andei

locality: Tsavo - Titiko Andei

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 15
File: 0015_V0580026F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: H. Callens s.j.

collectedBy: H Callens

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: Juillet 1958

minimumEventDate: 1958-07-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Gaertnera paniculata

latestScientificName: Gaertnera paniculata

identifiedBy: H Callens

verbatimDateIdentified: 1/9/58

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Congo Belge

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Kisantu

locality: Kisantu

habitat: foret secondaire

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1732587

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 16
File: 0016_V0580516F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: G. Troupin

collectedBy: G Troupin

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 6333

verbatimEventDate: 10/2/1958

minimumEventDate: 1958-02-10

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Mikania cordata (BURM.f.) B.L. ROBINS

latestScientificName: Mikania cordata (BURM.f.) B.L. ROBINS

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Congo

firstPoliticalUnit: Kivu

secondPoliticalUnit: Kalehe

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Vers km 110, route Kavumu-Walekale; Irangi, réserve IRSAC

locality: Vers km 110, route Kavumu-Walekale; Irangi, réserve IRSAC

habitat: Forêt ombrophile

verbatimElevation: 850 - 900 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 17
File: 0017_V0574490F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Gordon McPherson 13781

collectedBy: G McPherson

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 13781

verbatimEventDate: 20 Mars 1989

minimumEventDate: 1989-03-20

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Corynanthe mayumbensis (R. Good) N. Hallé

latestScientificName: Corynanthe mayumbensis (R. Good) N. Hallé

identifiedBy: Wilks & McPherson

verbatimDateIdentified: 1989

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Gabon

firstPoliticalUnit: Ogooue-Ivindo

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Réserve de la Lope, au sud d'Ayem; chantier SOFORGA

locality: Réserve de la Lope, au sud d'Ayem; chantier SOFORGA

habitat: Arbre 15 m; fruit brun; voucher de NCI

verbatimElevation: c. 200 m

verbatimCoordinates: 0°25'S 11°30'E

otherCatalogNumbers: 2040859

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 18
File: 0018_V0574226F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J. M. Fay

collectedBy: J M Fay

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 8294

verbatimEventDate: 4 March 1988

minimumEventDate: 1988-03-04

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Millettia zechiana Harms

latestScientificName: Millettia zechiana Harms

identifiedBy: Ake Assi

verbatimDateIdentified: 1988

associatedTaxa: Guibourtia demeusei, Berlinia sp., Bombax sp.

country: Cameroon

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: On the Sangha River across from Ndakan gorilla study area

locality: On the Sangha River across from Ndakan gorilla study area

habitat: In seasonally flooded forest with Guibourtia demeusei, Berlinia sp., Bombax sp. Abundant understory tree, 5 m, 10 cm diam.

verbatimElevation: 385 m

verbatimCoordinates: 02°20'N 16°08'E

otherCatalogNumbers: 2041244

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 19
File: 0019_V0580728F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Coll. F.A. Melville

collectedBy: F A Melville

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 199

verbatimEventDate: 29.vii.1959

minimumEventDate: 1959-07-29

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Phaseolus lunatus L.

latestScientificName: Phaseolus lunatus L.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: N/A

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: South West of Crater Lake. Clearing in wood, scrambling over herbage

locality: South West of Crater Lake. Clearing in wood, scrambling over herbage

habitat: Standard greeny-yellow, keel green and white and twisted, wings first yellow, then white later

verbatimElevation: 1,500 ft.

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1624518

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 20
File: 0020_V0578764F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: R. L. PIEMEISEL, L. W. KEPHART Collectors

collectedBy: R L Piemeisel

secondaryCollectors: L W Kephart

recordNumber: 2

verbatimEventDate: June 28, 1927

minimumEventDate: 1927-06-28

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: N/A

latestScientificName: N/A

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Kenya

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Muthaiga, near Nairobi; alt. 1,700 meters

locality: Muthaiga, near Nairobi

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: 1,700 meters

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2074762

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 21
File: 0021_V0594158F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: A. Léonard

collectedBy: A Léonard

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 3149

verbatimEventDate: 19/2/1959

minimumEventDate: 1959-02-19

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Oxyanthus speciosus DC. subsp. indet.

latestScientificName: Oxyanthus speciosus DC. subsp. indet.

identifiedBy: B Sonké

verbatimDateIdentified: 1989

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Zaire

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Masi si

locality: Masi si

habitat: Vieille forêt secondaire

verbatimElevation: 1900m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2086095

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 22
File: 0022_V0573054F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: récolté par le R. P. KLAINE, Donné par M. L. PIERRE

collectedBy: R P Klaine

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 25 Mars 1901

minimumEventDate: 1901-03-25

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Klaineanthus Jaborin

latestScientificName: Klaineanthus Jaborin

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Gabon

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: des environs de LIBREVILLE

locality: des environs de Libreville

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 781175

originalMethod: Handwritten

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 23
File: 0023_V0601010F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: James T. Allen

collectedBy: J T Allen

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 41

verbatimEventDate: September 23, 1996

minimumEventDate: 1996-09-23

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Dissotis rotundifolia (Sm.) Triana

latestScientificName: Dissotis rotundifolia (Sm.) Triana

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Ghana

firstPoliticalUnit: Volta Region

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Larteh

verbatimLocality: Center for Scientific Research into Plant Medicine (CSRPM) farm

locality: Center for Scientific Research into Plant Medicine (CSRPM) farm

habitat: Anti-asthmatic; treating coughs and colds; antipyretic; for dysentery. Applied topically-arthritis

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2200652

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 24
File: 0024_V0602418F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J.E. Andoh

collectedBy: J E Andoh

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 5632

verbatimEventDate: March 1952

minimumEventDate: 1952-03-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Chrysophyllum perpulchrum Mildbr.

latestScientificName: Chrysophyllum perpulchrum Mildbr.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Gold Coast

firstPoliticalUnit: Ashanti Prov.

secondPoliticalUnit: Kumasi District

municipality: Kumasi Township

verbatimLocality: Kumasi Township Forest Reserve

locality: Kumasi Township Forest Reserve

habitat: Medium sized tree 30ft. high and 2ft. girth. Planted in 1933

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1601919

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 25
File: 0025_V0604513F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J. Nemba & D.W. Thomas

collectedBy: J Nemba

secondaryCollectors: D W Thomas

recordNumber: 520

verbatimEventDate: 15 June 1987

minimumEventDate: 1987-06-15

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Donella welwitschii Pierre ex Engl.

latestScientificName: Donella welwitschii Pierre ex Engl.

identifiedBy: D W Thomas

verbatimDateIdentified: 1987

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Cameroon

firstPoliticalUnit: Southwest

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Secondary growth and old growth forest along Kumba-Mamfe road at mile 14 Lkiliwindi.

locality: Secondary growth and old growth forest along Kumba-Mamfe road at mile 14 Lkiliwindi.

habitat: Liana, buds green, flowers white, leaves green.

verbatimElevation: 200 m

verbatimCoordinates: 04° 44' N 09° 29' E

otherCatalogNumbers: 2041320

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 26
File: 0026_V0572217F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J. Deaw

collectedBy: J Deaw

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: Sp 283

verbatimEventDate: 4. 10 1919

minimumEventDate: 1919-10-04

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Eugenia coronata

latestScientificName: Eugenia coronata

identifiedBy: A A Enti

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Ghana

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Accra

verbatimLocality: Accra

locality: Accra

habitat: A shrub about 6' high. Flowering pedicels fascicled. Fruit ellipsoid, calyx persistent at the apex

verbatimElevation: 71

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1753421

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 27
File: 0027_V0602609F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: colligerunt G. Schweinfurth et D. Riva

collectedBy: G Schweinfurth

secondaryCollectors: D Riva

recordNumber: 1814

verbatimEventDate: 1 mai 1892

minimumEventDate: 1892-05-01

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Rumex nervosus V.

latestScientificName: Rumex nervosus V.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Eritrea

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Saganéiti, pente du Nord au-dessous d'Addi-Abbagn

locality: Saganéiti, pente du Nord au-dessous d'Addi-Abbagn

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: 2300/2100 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 28
File: 0028_V0606178F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Coll. R.B. & A.J. Faden

collectedBy: R B Faden

secondaryCollectors: A J Faden

recordNumber: 77/711

verbatimEventDate: 7 March 1977

minimumEventDate: 1977-03-07

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Toddaliopsis sansibarensis (Engl.) Engl.

latestScientificName: Toddaliopsis sansibarensis (Engl.) Engl.

identifiedBy: J O Kokwaro

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: Combretum schumannii

country: Kenya

firstPoliticalUnit: K7

secondPoliticalUnit: Kwale District

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Chale Peninsula, ca. 4°26′S, 39°32′30"E

locality: Chale Peninsula

habitat: Coral rag dry forest with Combretum schumannii dominant. Shrub to 6 m tall. Leaflets usually 3. Young fruits 4-angled, warty. Common

verbatimElevation: 0-5 m

verbatimCoordinates: ca. 4°26′S, 39°32′30"E

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 29
File: 0029_V0603038F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: F. SZAFRANSKI

collectedBy: F Szafranski

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 1378

verbatimEventDate: 5.2.1988

minimumEventDate: 1988-02-05

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Floscopa glomerata (Roem. et Schult.) Hassk.

latestScientificName: Floscopa glomerata (Roem. et Schult.) Hassk.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Zaire

firstPoliticalUnit: Haut-Zaire

secondPoliticalUnit: Haut-Uele

municipality: Isiro

verbatimLocality: Haut-Zaïre, S-Rég. Haut-Uele, Isiro

locality: bas fond marécageux près de la route aux environs de l'usine SOCODIA

habitat: bas fond marécageux près de la route aux environs de l'usine SOCODIA

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 30
File: 0030_V0606676F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Coll. F.W.H. Migeod

collectedBy: F W H Migeod

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 394

verbatimEventDate: 26. 1. 1928

minimumEventDate: 1928-01-26

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Solanum sp.

latestScientificName: Solanum aculeatissimum Jacq.

identifiedBy: M Nee

verbatimDateIdentified: Dec. 3, 1977

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Cameroon

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: Bamenda

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Bamenda, British Cameroons

locality: Bamenda, British Cameroons

habitat: Shrub very thorny and spinous

verbatimElevation: 5,500 ft

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1441275

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 31
File: 0031_V0601406F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: T.C. Wrigley and F.A. Melville No. 52

collectedBy: T C Wrigley

secondaryCollectors: F A Melville

recordNumber: 52

verbatimEventDate: 18 July 1959

minimumEventDate: 1959-07-18

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Cassipourea annobonesis Mildbr. ex Alston

latestScientificName: Cassipourea annobonesis Mildbr. ex Alston

identifiedBy: A W Exell

verbatimDateIdentified: 1961

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Equatorial Guinea

firstPoliticalUnit: Annobon

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: ANNOBON: Ridge west of Crater Lake

locality: Ridge west of Crater Lake

habitat: Open woodland. Small sepals; green petals; white filament tube with 10 stamens

verbatimElevation: 1200 ft

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 32
File: 0032_V0604673F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: William Burger

collectedBy: W Burger

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 1767

verbatimEventDate: 27 May 1962

minimumEventDate: 1962-05-27

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Rubus apetalus Poir.

latestScientificName: Rubus apetalus Poir.

identifiedBy: WB/Kew

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: Podocarpus & Juniperus

country: Ethiopia

firstPoliticalUnit: Harar

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Near G. Ades ± 18 km E. of Hirna along new hwy, steep slopes with remnant Podocarpus & Juniperus forest

locality: Near G. Ades ± 18 km E. of Hirna along new hwy, steep slopes with remnant Podocarpus & Juniperus forest

habitat: Forming bush 3.5 m tall under Podocarpus, etc.

verbatimElevation: 9200 feet

verbatimCoordinates: 9°17'N 41°13'E

otherCatalogNumbers: 1825230

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 33
File: 0033_V0565514F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J.D. Sauer

collectedBy: J D Sauer

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 3914

verbatimEventDate: 15 June 1963

minimumEventDate: 1963-06-15

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Aerva lanata (L.) Juss

latestScientificName: Aerva lanata (L.) Juss

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Kenya

firstPoliticalUnit: Coast Province

secondPoliticalUnit: Kwale District

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Beach ridge, shallow open coast. Bumburri Beach, N of Mombasa. Coast Province, Kwale District, near Mombasa

locality: Beach ridge, shallow open coast. Bumburri Beach, N of Mombasa. near Mombasa

habitat: Beach ridge, shallow open coast

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 34
File: 0034_V0565977F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: C. Vigne

collectedBy: C Vigne

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 4086

verbatimEventDate: N/A

minimumEventDate: sd

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Enantia polycarpa Engl. + Diels

latestScientificName: Enantia polycarpa Engl. + Diels

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Gold Coast

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: N/A

locality: [precise locality unknown]

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 35
File: 0035_V0566108F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Eman Addo 1026

collectedBy: E Addo

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 1026

verbatimEventDate: Collected in 1999

minimumEventDate: 1999-00-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Uvaria versicolor Pierre

latestScientificName: Uvaria versicolor Pierre

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Ghana

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: N/A

locality: [precise locality unknown]

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 36
File: 0036_V0567164F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: A. A. Enti

collectedBy: A A Enti

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: Sp 398

verbatimEventDate: 22 11 19 71

minimumEventDate: 1971-11-22

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pergularia daemia

latestScientificName: Pergularia daemia

identifiedBy: A A Enti

verbatimDateIdentified: 1971

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Ghana

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Awutu - Winneba Road

locality: Awutu - Winneba Road

habitat: A climber among grasses. Flower white, conspicuous. Latex present

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Handwritten

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 37
File: 0037_V0591661F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: D.W. Thomas

collectedBy: D W Thomas

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 6850

verbatimEventDate: 1987

minimumEventDate: 1987-00-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Cola flavovelutina K. Schum

latestScientificName: Cola flavovelutina K. Schum

identifiedBy: D W Thomas

verbatimDateIdentified: 1987

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Cameroon

firstPoliticalUnit: Southwest

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: PROV. SOUTHWEST: Korup National Park. Primary rain forest 05°02'N 08°50'E 60 m

locality: PROV. SOUTHWEST: Korup National Park. Primary rain forest

habitat: Understorey tree, 5 m tall

verbatimElevation: 60 m

verbatimCoordinates: 05°02'N 08°50'E

otherCatalogNumbers: 2041255

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 38
File: 0038_V0567306F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Sue A. Thompson

collectedBy: S A Thompson

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 1522

verbatimEventDate: 9 July 1984

minimumEventDate: 1984-07-09

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Impatiens macroptera Hook.f.

latestScientificName: Impatiens macroptera Hook.f.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Cameroon

firstPoliticalUnit: Sud-Ouest

secondPoliticalUnit: Fako

municipality: Bakingili

verbatimLocality: Trail up Mt. Cameroon

locality: Trail up Mt. Cameroon

habitat: Erect herb up to 70 cm tall; growing on wet rocks; flowers purple

verbatimElevation: 50-250 m

verbatimCoordinates: 4°04'N, 9°02'E

otherCatalogNumbers: 2086046

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 39
File: 0039_V0606921F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: D. Wiens

collectedBy: D Wiens

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 4484

verbatimEventDate: 16-12-71

minimumEventDate: 1971-12-16

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Englerina tenuifolia (Engl.) Gilli

latestScientificName: Englerina tenuifolia (Engl.) Gilli

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Kenya

firstPoliticalUnit: Kitui

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: 4 km n of Kangondi on road to Embu

locality: 4 km n of Kangondi on road to Embu

habitat: Thorn scrub

verbatimElevation: 4500'

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1861166

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 40
File: 0040_V0605928F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Sue A. Thompson & John E. Rawlins

collectedBy: S A Thompson

secondaryCollectors: J E Rawlins

recordNumber: 1333

verbatimEventDate: 3 June 1984

minimumEventDate: 1984-06-03

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Avicennia africana P. Beauv.

latestScientificName: Avicennia africana P. Beauv.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Cameroon

firstPoliticalUnit: Sud-Ouest

secondPoliticalUnit: Fako

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Bakingili; 4°04'N, 9°02'E

locality: Bakingili; Seaside

habitat: Tree ca 2-3 m tall; bark with light blotches; flowers white

verbatimElevation: 0 m

verbatimCoordinates: 4°04'N, 9°02'E

otherCatalogNumbers: 2088074

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 41
File: 0041_V0605675F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: G. Troupin

collectedBy: G Troupin

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 6347

verbatimEventDate: 18.2.1958

minimumEventDate: 1958-02-18

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: TILIAC. Glyphaea breeris (SPRENG.) MONACHINO

latestScientificName: Glyphaea breeris (SPRENG.) MONACHINO

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: N/A

firstPoliticalUnit: Kivu

secondPoliticalUnit: Kalehe

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Vera En 110 route Kavumu-Walikale; Trangi, réserve IRSAC

locality: Vera En 110 route Kavumu-Walikale; Trangi, réserve IRSAC

habitat: forêt ombrophile. Catena II. 500 m

verbatimElevation: 850 - 900 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 42
File: 0042_V0571550F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Legit: A. Pappi

collectedBy: A Pappi

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 2627

verbatimEventDate: 14-15.VIII.1902

minimumEventDate: 1902-08-14

maximumEventDate: 1902-08-15

verbatimIdentification: Lavandula pubescens Decaisne

latestScientificName: Lavandula pubescens Decaisne

identifiedBy: T M Upson

verbatimDateIdentified: 2/4/1996

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Eritrea

firstPoliticalUnit: Assaorta

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: LUNGO IL TORRENTE HADDAS

locality: LUNGO IL TORRENTE HADDAS

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 43
File: 0043_V0607392F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: William Burger

collectedBy: W Burger

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 1453

verbatimEventDate: 14 Feb. 1902

minimumEventDate: 1902-02-14

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Juniperus procera Hochst. ex Endl.

latestScientificName: Juniperus procera Hochst. ex Endl.

identifiedBy: W B

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Ethiopia

firstPoliticalUnit: Harar

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: N.W. face of Gama Mulatta Mtn. ca. 50 km due W of Harar 9°16' N, 41°43' E

locality: N.W. face of Gama Mulatta Mtn. ca. 50 km due W of Harar

habitat: Trees 8-10 m tall, on steep slopes with mixed forest

verbatimElevation: 2500 - 3000 m

verbatimCoordinates: 9°16' N, 41°43' E

otherCatalogNumbers: 1632855

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 44
File: 0044_V0570163F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: A. B. D. Okos

collectedBy: A B D Okos

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 10/12/1972

minimumEventDate: 1972-12-10

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Terminalia glaucescens

latestScientificName: Terminalia glaucescens

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: 1972

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Ghana

firstPoliticalUnit: Volta Region

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Ho

verbatimLocality: Ho, Volta Region, Ghana

locality: Ho, Volta Region, Ghana

habitat: A tree, to 40 ft. high 6 ft. girth; wood yellow or brownish yellow

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2007210

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 45
File: 0045_V0570543F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Amore Bettel leg. Schimper

collectedBy: Schimper

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 1467

verbatimEventDate: 24. 11. 63

minimumEventDate: 1863-11-24

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Promoca Senninostris Chois.

latestScientificName: Promoca Senninostris Chois.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Abyssinia

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Amore Bettel

locality: Amore Bettel

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Handwritten

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 46
File: 0046_V0607965F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: D.W. Thomas & M. Etuge

collectedBy: D W Thomas

secondaryCollectors: M Etuge

recordNumber: 6988

verbatimEventDate: 18 May 1987

minimumEventDate: 1987-05-18

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Tapura africana Oliv.

latestScientificName: Tapura africana Oliv.

identifiedBy: D W Thomas

verbatimDateIdentified: 1987

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Cameroon

firstPoliticalUnit: Southwest

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Kumba

verbatimLocality: Degraded forest at Barombi Kang, Kumba

locality: Degraded forest at Barombi Kang, Kumba

habitat: Tree, 15 m tall, with fluted trunk

verbatimElevation: 150 m

verbatimCoordinates: 04°36'N 09°27'E

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 47
File: 0047_V0570471F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Dr. EDGAR A. MEARNS, Collector

collectedBy: E A Mearns

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 1114

verbatimEventDate: September 6 and 7, 1909

minimumEventDate: 1909-09-06

maximumEventDate: 1909-09-07

verbatimIdentification: Evolvulus alsinoides L.

latestScientificName: Evolvulus alsinoides L.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: British East Africa

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Vicinity of Thika, British East Africa

locality: Vicinity of Thika

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: about 1350 meters

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 48
File: 0048_V0570108F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: G. Thac Haughton

collectedBy: G Thac Haughton

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 580

verbatimEventDate: N/A

minimumEventDate: sd

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Combretum Schumannii

latestScientificName: Combretum Schumannii

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Kenya

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: N/A

locality: [precise locality unknown]

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 49
File: 0049_V0570110F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J. M. Fay

collectedBy: J M Fay

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 8271

verbatimEventDate: 28 February 1988

minimumEventDate: 1988-02-28

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Combretum smeathmannii G. Don

latestScientificName: Combretum smeathmannii G. Don

identifiedBy: Ake Assi

verbatimDateIdentified: 1988

associatedTaxa: Irvingia smithii, Guiboutia demensii, Berlinia sp.

country: Cameroon

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Along the Sangha River adjacent to the island of Kilona. In riparian forest adjacent to seasonally flooded forest with Irvingia smithii, Guiboutia demensii, Berlinia sp.

locality: Along the Sangha River adjacent to the island of Kilona. In riparian forest adjacent to seasonally flooded forest with Irvingia smithii, Guiboutia demensii, Berlinia sp.

habitat: Liana, common on river bank. Young fruits with pinkish tinge

verbatimElevation: 385 m

verbatimCoordinates: 02°21'N 16°09'E

otherCatalogNumbers: 2041248

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 50
File: 0050_V0590787F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Coll. D.D. Soejarto

collectedBy: D D Soejarto

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 4793

verbatimEventDate: April 1, 1978

minimumEventDate: 1978-04-01

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Diospyros tricolor Hiern.

latestScientificName: Diospyros tricolor Hiern.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: Thespesia populnea and Sophora occidentalis

country: Ghana

firstPoliticalUnit: Greater Accra

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Bortianor village

verbatimLocality: Greater Accra Province, Bortianor village, 20 km. West of Accra, sea coast

locality: Greater Accra Province, Bortianor village, 20 kilometers West of Accra, sea coast

habitat: Straggling shrub, in association with Thespesia populnea and Sophora occidentalis. Fruits green. Forming clumps just behind beach, on sandy soil. Common

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 51
File: 0051_V0040586F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Narciso Reyna R.

collectedBy: N Reyna R

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 40

verbatimEventDate: 15 diciembre 1967

minimumEventDate: 1967-12-15

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Guatteria scalarinervia D.R. Simpson

latestScientificName: Guatteria scalarinervia D.R. Simpson

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: 1975

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: Maynas

municipality: Alto Nanay

verbatimLocality: Santa María - Río Nanay, distr. Alto Nanay, dept. Loreto, prov. Maynas

locality: Santa María - Río Nanay, distr. Alto Nanay, dept. Loreto, prov. Maynas

habitat: "Carahuasca amarilla" - árbol, bosque húmedo tropical

verbatimElevation: 150 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: Holotype
==================================================
Entry 52
File: 0052_V0081497F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: M. O. Dillon & D. Dillon

collectedBy: M O Dillon

secondaryCollectors: D Dillon

recordNumber: 3776

verbatimEventDate: 1 Nov 1983

minimumEventDate: 1983-11-01

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Galvezia fruticosa Gmel.

latestScientificName: Galvezia elisensii M.O. Dillon & Quipuscoa

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Arequipa

secondPoliticalUnit: Caraveli

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Lomas of Atiquipa, ca. 10.5 km N of turn-off to Atiquipa. KM 584 S of Lima

locality: Lomas of Atiquipa, ca. 10.5 km N of turn-off to Atiquipa. KM 584 S of Lima

habitat: Erect, glutinous shrub to 0.75 m.; flws. red

verbatimElevation: ca. 150-200 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1940835

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: Holotype
==================================================
Entry 53
File: 0053_V0042484F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Poepp

collectedBy: Poepp

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 1830

minimumEventDate: 1830-00-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Tetrorchidium rubrivenium var. genuinum Müll. Arg.

latestScientificName: Tetrorchidium rubrivenium var. genuinum Müll. Arg.

identifiedBy: F Pax

verbatimDateIdentified: 1915

associatedTaxa: Achornca peruviana Poepp.

country: N/A

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Jocache. Huabaza

locality: Jocache. Huabaza

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 875422

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: Isosyntype
==================================================
Entry 54
File: 0054_V0092855F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: José Campos y O. Diaz

collectedBy: J Campos

secondaryCollectors: O Diaz

recordNumber: 2490

verbatimEventDate: 9 Febrero 1996

minimumEventDate: 1996-02-09

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Amorimia camporum W.R. Anderson

latestScientificName: Amorimia camporum W.R. Anderson

identifiedBy: W R Anderson

verbatimDateIdentified: 2006

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Cajamarca

secondPoliticalUnit: San Ignacio

municipality: Distrito Chirinos

verbatimLocality: Entre La Catagua y Tablón

locality: Entre La Catagua y Tablón

habitat: Trepadora; flor amarilla

verbatimElevation: 550 - 650 m

verbatimCoordinates: 05°19'S 078°47'W

otherCatalogNumbers: 2296033

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: Isotype
==================================================
Entry 55
File: 0055_V0078059F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Tafalla collected with and for Ruiz & Pavón

collectedBy: Tafalla

secondaryCollectors: Ruiz & Pavón

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 1778-1788

minimumEventDate: 1778-00-00

maximumEventDate: 1788-00-00

verbatimIdentification: Nolana spathulata R & P

latestScientificName: Nolana spathulata Ruiz & Pav.

identifiedBy: A Mesa

verbatimDateIdentified: 1981

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: N/A

locality: [precise locality unknown]

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: Isolectotype
==================================================
Entry 56
File: 0056_V0092864F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Camilo Díaz y Antonio Peña

collectedBy: C Díaz

secondaryCollectors: A Peña

recordNumber: 8808

verbatimEventDate: 4 Diciembre 1996

minimumEventDate: 1996-12-04

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Symplocos ovata Ståhl

latestScientificName: Symplocos ovata Ståhl, Novon 20(1): 91, fig. 4A-B. 2010

identifiedBy: B Ståhl

verbatimDateIdentified: 2010

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Amazonas

secondPoliticalUnit: Luya Province

municipality: Camporedondo

verbatimLocality: Tullanya, Pascana "Pájaro Tigre"

locality: Tullanya, Pascana "Pájaro Tigre"

habitat: Liana con frutos verdes. Pecúnculos largos

verbatimElevation: 2250-2360 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: Isotype
==================================================
Entry 57
File: 0057_V0092900F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ruiz et Pavón

collectedBy: H Ruiz

secondaryCollectors: J Pavón

recordNumber: 9/58

verbatimEventDate: (1778-1788)

minimumEventDate: 1778-00-00

maximumEventDate: 1788-00-00

verbatimIdentification: Bomarea purpurea (R & P) Herb.

latestScientificName: Bomarea purpurea (Ruiz & Pavón) Herb.

identifiedBy: Hofreiter

verbatimDateIdentified: 2007

associatedTaxa: Alstroemeria purpurea Ruiz & Pav.

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Pillao

locality: Pillao

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: Isotype
==================================================
Entry 58
File: 0058_V0092906F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: V. Quipuscoa S., A. Sagastegui A., J. Leiva G., M. C. Bejarano C.

collectedBy: V Quipuscoa S

secondaryCollectors: A Sagastegui A | J Leiva G | M C Bejarano C

recordNumber: 1378

verbatimEventDate: 20 agosto 1998

minimumEventDate: 1998-08-20

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Lithospermum cinerascens (A.DC.) Johnst.

latestScientificName: Lithospermum leymebambens Weigend & Nürk

identifiedBy: M Weigend

verbatimDateIdentified: September 2006

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Amazonas

secondPoliticalUnit: Chachapoyas

municipality: Leymebamba

verbatimLocality: Carretera a Celendín, entre Ishpingo - Pomacocha. Bosque montano

locality: Carretera a Celendín, entre Ishpingo - Pomacocha. Bosque montano fragmentado

habitat: Arbusto de 1,2 m de alto. Flores verdo-amarillentas

verbatimElevation: 2800-3000 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2211679

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: Isotype
==================================================
Entry 59
File: 0059_V0092915F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Llewelyn Williams

collectedBy: L Williams

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 6999

verbatimEventDate: JAN.-FEB., 1930

minimumEventDate: 1930-01-00

maximumEventDate: 1930-02-00

verbatimIdentification: Norantea curia Mach.

latestScientificName: Marcgraviastrum mixtum (Triana & Planch.) Bedell

identifiedBy: D Giraldo-Cañas

verbatimDateIdentified: 2010

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: San Martin

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: San Roque

locality: San Roque

habitat: forest

verbatimElevation: 1350-1500 M

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 624474

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: Holotype
==================================================
Entry 60
File: 0060_V0092918F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ruiz et Pavón

collectedBy: H Ruiz

secondaryCollectors: J Pavón

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: (1778-1788)

minimumEventDate: 1778-00-00

maximumEventDate: 1788-00-00

verbatimIdentification: Norantea obovata (R. & P.) G. Don

latestScientificName: Margraviastrum obovatum (G. Don) Bedell

identifiedBy: D Giraldo-Cañas

verbatimDateIdentified: 2010

associatedTaxa: Norantea macroscypha Gilg

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Chacahuasi

locality: Chacahuasi

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: Isotype
==================================================
Entry 61
File: 0061_V0092921F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ruiz et Pavón

collectedBy: H Ruiz

secondaryCollectors: J Pavón

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 1778-1788

minimumEventDate: 1778-00-00

maximumEventDate: 1788-00-00

verbatimIdentification: Marcgraviastrum obovatum (G. Don) Bedell

latestScientificName: Marcgraviastrum obovatum (G. Don) Bedell

identifiedBy: J Giraldo-Cañas

verbatimDateIdentified: 2010

associatedTaxa: Norantea obovata G. Don | Marcgravia obovat

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: in vice-regno Peruviano et Chilensi

locality: in vice-regno Peruviano et Chilensi

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: Isotype
==================================================
Entry 62
File: 0062_V0190732F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Robin B. Foster

collectedBy: R B Foster

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 8752

verbatimEventDate: 13 Sept. 1982

minimumEventDate: 1982-09-13

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Acidoton venezolanus (Pax. & Hoffm.) Webster

latestScientificName: Acidoton venezolanus (Pax. & Hoffm.) Webster

identifiedBy: M J Huft

verbatimDateIdentified: 1983

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Huánuco

secondPoliticalUnit: Pachitea

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Puerto Inca to Sungaro. Foot trail between Río Pachitea and Río Sungaro. Forested low hills and ravines

locality: Puerto Inca to Sungaro. Foot trail between Río Pachitea and Río Sungaro. Forested low hills and ravines

habitat: Shrub, 3 m; large white stigma; fruit turning yellow, 3 parted

verbatimElevation: 250-300 m

verbatimCoordinates: 75°00'W, 9°18'S

otherCatalogNumbers: 1921102

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 63
File: 0063_V0277652F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: José Schunke Vigo

collectedBy: J Schunke Vigo

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 6505

verbatimEventDate: 27 May 1964

minimumEventDate: 1964-05-27

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Tontelea attenuata Miers

latestScientificName: Tontelea attenuata Miers

identifiedBy: J A Lombardi

verbatimDateIdentified: II 1999 2000

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: San Martín

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Quebrada Huicte (río Huallaga), in tall forest

locality: Quebrada Huicte (río Huallaga), in tall forest

habitat: Liana 3-9 m long "Murcuhuasca" Medicinal plant used for rheumatism

verbatimElevation: 529 m alt

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 64
File: 0064_V0152152F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Manuel Rimachi Y

collectedBy: M Rimachi Y

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 4268

verbatimEventDate: February 8, 1979

minimumEventDate: 1979-02-08

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Nectandra krukovii (A.C. Smith) Kosterm

latestScientificName: Endlicheria anomala (Nevs) Mez

identifiedBy: A Chanderbali

verbatimDateIdentified: 2000

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: Requena

municipality: Dtto. Saquena

verbatimLocality: Río Ucayali, quebrada de Aucayacu, above Genaro Herrera, marginal forest, "muena," 8 m, fr. green

locality: Río Ucayali, quebrada de Aucayacu, above Genaro Herrera, marginal forest, "muena," 8 meters, fr. green

habitat: marginal forest

verbatimElevation: 8 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2058606

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 65
File: 0065_V0277223F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: SALVADOR FLORES P.

collectedBy: S Flores P

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 95(P1-2)

verbatimEventDate: Julio/82

minimumEventDate: 1982-07-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Poraqueiba sericea Tul.

latestScientificName: Poraqueiba sericea Tul.

identifiedBy: T Plowman

verbatimDateIdentified: 1985

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: Maynas

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: AMPIYACU-PEVAS

locality: AMPIYACU-PEVAS

habitat: BOSQUE SECUNDARIO 35 Años

verbatimElevation: 100 m.s.n.m.

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1968315

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 66
File: 0066_V0195906F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Percy Núñez & S. Walsh

collectedBy: P Núñez

secondaryCollectors: S Walsh

recordNumber: 6330

verbatimEventDate: 29 October 1986

minimumEventDate: 1986-10-29

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Euphorbia heterophylla L.

latestScientificName: Euphorbia heterophylla L.

identifiedBy: M H Mayfield

verbatimDateIdentified: Oct. 1995

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Cuzco

secondPoliticalUnit: La Convención

municipality: Quillabamba

verbatimLocality: Salaspampa

locality: Salaspampa

habitat: Herb 0.6 m; fruits green

verbatimElevation: 1110 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1982606

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 67
File: 0067_V0290180F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Jose Schunke

collectedBy: J Schunke

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 9560

verbatimEventDate: 30 Mayo 1977

minimumEventDate: 1977-05-30

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Hamelia patens Jacq

latestScientificName: Hamelia patens Jacq

identifiedBy: J Dwyer

verbatimDateIdentified: 1980

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: San Martin

secondPoliticalUnit: Lamas

municipality: Alonso de Alvarado

verbatimLocality: "Arco-Sacha" Provincia: Lamas; Distrito: Alonso de Alvarado. San Juan de Pacaizapa, km. 72 carretera Tarapoto-Moyobamba

locality: "Arco-Sacha" Provincia: Lamas; Distrito: Alonso de Alvarado. San Juan de Pacaizapa, km. 72 carretera Tarapoto-Moyobamba

habitat: Arbusto de 1.5-2 m., flores strong reddish orange, sepalos dark red, frutos dark red, de 1 cm. de largo, por 7 mm. de diámetro, carnoso. En bosque secundario, con abundante luz solar

verbatimElevation: 1000-1050 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1872133

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 68
File: 0068_V0201636F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: G. Moore, L. Luna, J. Ruiz

collectedBy: G Moore

secondaryCollectors: L Luna | J Ruiz

recordNumber: 138

verbatimEventDate: 18-8-81

minimumEventDate: 1981-08-18

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Ficus maxima P. Miller

latestScientificName: Ficus maxima P. Miller

identifiedBy: W C Burger

verbatimDateIdentified: 1982

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Quistococha, 14km north of Iquitos

locality: Quistococha, 14km north of Iquitos

habitat: Tree of 20m. Important medicinal plant. The "milk" from the bark is drunk.

verbatimElevation: 600m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 69
File: 0069_V0251887F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: E. P. KILLIP A. C. SMITH Collectors

collectedBy: E P Killip

secondaryCollectors: A C Smith

recordNumber: 26721

verbatimEventDate: July 20, 21, 1929

minimumEventDate: 1929-07-20

maximumEventDate: 1929-07-21

verbatimIdentification: Psychotria racemosa (Wall.) Wedd.

latestScientificName: Psychotria racemosa (Wall.) Wedd.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Junín

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Dept. Junín: Cahuapanas, on Río Pichis; alt. about 340 meters; dense forest

locality: Dept. Junín: Cahuapanas, on Río Pichis; dense forest

habitat: dense forest

verbatimElevation: about 340 meters

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 607534

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 70
File: 0070_V0243915F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: M. O. Dillon and I. Sánchez V.

collectedBy: M O Dillon

secondaryCollectors: I Sánchez V

recordNumber: 6310

verbatimEventDate: 22 Jul 1991

minimumEventDate: 1991-07-22

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Wissadula grandifolia Baker ex Rusby

latestScientificName: Wissadula grandifolia Baker ex Rusby

identifiedBy: P Fryxell

verbatimDateIdentified: 1993

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Piura

secondPoliticalUnit: Huancabamba

municipality: Canchaque

verbatimLocality: ca. 2 km N of Canchaque

locality: ca. 2 km N of Canchaque

habitat: Shrubs to 1 m; flowers yellow

verbatimElevation: ca. 1450 m

verbatimCoordinates: [5°24'S; 79°36'W]

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 71
File: 0071_V0187051F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: COLL. J. FRANCIS MACBRIDE

collectedBy: J F Macbride

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 4806

verbatimEventDate: JUNE 23, 1923

minimumEventDate: 1923-06-23

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Croton Baillonius

latestScientificName: Croton Baillonius

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: CUEVA GRANDE ESTACION NEAR POZUZO

locality: Cueva Grande Estacion near Pozuzo

habitat: Sunny brushy slope. Open bushy 4-5 ft shrub

verbatimElevation: ABOUT 3500 FEET

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 535840

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 72
File: 0072_V0258426F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: A. Sagasteque A.

collectedBy: A Sagastegui A

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 3820

verbatimEventDate: 19 Junio 1962

minimumEventDate: 1962-06-19

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Geranium chilloense Kunth

latestScientificName: Geranium chilloense Kunth

identifiedBy: C Aedo

verbatimDateIdentified: 2007

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Cajamarca

secondPoliticalUnit: Contumaza

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Uque, Trinidad. Prov. Contumaza, Dpto. Cajamarca

locality: Uque, Trinidad

habitat: Jadera abierta

verbatimElevation: 3,250 m.s.m.

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1684365

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 73
File: 0073_V0193750F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J. Mostacero L., S. Leiva G., F. Mejía C., F. Peláez P., J. Guevara B

collectedBy: J Mostacero L

secondaryCollectors: S Leiva G | F Mejía C | F Peláez P | J Guevara B

recordNumber: 1640

verbatimEventDate: 14-XI-1986

minimumEventDate: 1986-11-14

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Dalechampia aristolochrifolia Kunth

latestScientificName: Dalechampia aristolochrifolia Kunth

identifiedBy: M J Huft

verbatimDateIdentified: 1992

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Cajamarca

secondPoliticalUnit: Cutervo

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: La Pucarilla (sócota-San Andrés)

locality: La Pucarilla (sócota-San Andrés)

habitat: Ladera al borde de carretera

verbatimElevation: 2450 m.s.m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 74
File: 0074_V0228073F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Leg. SPICHIGER, R. & P.-A. LOIZEAU

collectedBy: R Spichiger

secondaryCollectors: P-A Loizeau

recordNumber: 3012

verbatimEventDate: 10-4-86

minimumEventDate: 1986-04-10

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pourouma guianensis subsp. guianensis

latestScientificName: Pourouma guianensis subsp. guianensis

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Centre de Recherche de Jenaro Herrera, Loreto, Pérou (73°45'W - 4°55'S)

locality: Centre de Recherche de Jenaro Herrera, Loreto, Pérou (73°45'W - 4°55'S)

habitat: Arboretum arbre 5/452 jusqu'à 13 m de haut, sol arénoso. Bosque de terraza alta, suelo arenoso

verbatimElevation: 125 m

verbatimCoordinates: 73°45'W - 4°55'S

otherCatalogNumbers: 2027582

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 75
File: 0075_V0100062F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: G. KLUG, Collector

collectedBy: G Klug

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 660

verbatimEventDate: October November, 1929

minimumEventDate: 1929-10-00

maximumEventDate: 1929-11-00

verbatimIdentification: Batesia floribunda Benth. des. H. Harms.

latestScientificName: Batesia floribunda Benth.

identifiedBy: H Harms

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Mishuyacu, near Iquitos, alt. 100 meters; forest

locality: Mishuyacu, near Iquitos; forest

habitat: Tree 18 m. high; fls. yellow. "Huairuru colorado".

verbatimElevation: 100 meters

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 613565

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 76
File: 0076_V0198402F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: coll. T. R. Dudley

collectedBy: T R Dudley

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 12063

verbatimEventDate: 24 Aug. 1968

minimumEventDate: 1968-08-24

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Dendrophthora mesembryanthemifolia Urban

latestScientificName: Dendrophthora sp.

identifiedBy: J Kuijt

verbatimDateIdentified: 18 Dec. 1984

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Ayacucho

secondPoliticalUnit: La Mar

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Prov. La Mar, Dept. Ayacucho, eastern Massif of the Cordillera Central opposing the Cordillera Vilcabamba between Tambo San Miguel, Ayna and the Hacienda Luisiana; c. 73°53'W; 12°45'S

locality: eastern Massif of the Cordillera Central opposing the Cordillera Vilcabamba between Tambo San Miguel, Ayna and the Hacienda Luisiana; c. 45 kilometers walking distance SW from the Hacienda Luisiana and the Apurimac River; c. 30 kilometers from the Hacienda Santa Rosa; c. 10 kilometers from Tambo

habitat: Parasitic, foliage yellowish-green; calyx bright orange; fr. translucent pink, waxy in dense and isolated, 40-50 ft. high elfin hepatic forest at timberline; Punccu camp

verbatimElevation: 3220 meters

verbatimCoordinates: c. 73°53'W; 12°45'S

otherCatalogNumbers: 1721727

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 77
File: 0077_V0225274F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: G. KLUG Collector

collectedBy: G Klug

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 1595

verbatimEventDate: April 11 1931

minimumEventDate: 1931-04-11

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Ficus Llewelyni Standl.

latestScientificName: Ficus trigona L.f.

identifiedBy: M Vásquez Avila

verbatimDateIdentified: 1983

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Mishuyacu, near Iquitos, alt. 100 meters; forest

locality: Mishuyacu, near Iquitos; forest

habitat: forest

verbatimElevation: 100 meters

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 873381

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 78
File: 0078_V0224820F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Mildred E. Mathias Dermot Taylor

collectedBy: M E Mathias

secondaryCollectors: D Taylor

recordNumber: 5576

verbatimEventDate: 18 July 19 61

minimumEventDate: 1961-07-18

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: MALPIGHIACEAE, BUT I CANNOT NAME IT STERILE, NOT EVEN TO GENUS

latestScientificName: MALPIGHIACEAE

identifiedBy: W R Anderson

verbatimDateIdentified: 1983

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Requena

verbatimLocality: vicinity of Requena

locality: vicinity of Requena

habitat: Liana 2-3 inches in diameter "Barbasco silvestre"

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 79
File: 0079_V0304780F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: José Schunke Vigo

collectedBy: J Schunke Vigo

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 6677

verbatimEventDate: 17 Dec. 1964

minimumEventDate: 1964-12-17

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Paullinia imberbis Radlk.

latestScientificName: Paullinia bracteosa Radlk.

identifiedBy: D R Simpson

verbatimDateIdentified: Oct., 1970

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Quebrada de Maquia, (Contamana) in tall forest, 220 m alt.

locality: Quebrada de Maquia, (Contamana) in tall forest

habitat: Liana 7-8 m long; flowers white; fruit immature

verbatimElevation: 220 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1717601

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 80
File: 0080_V0238260F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: COLL. LLEWELYN WILLIAMS

collectedBy: L Williams

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 3363

verbatimEventDate: SEPT.-OCT. 1929

minimumEventDate: 1929-09-00

maximumEventDate: 1929-10-00

verbatimIdentification: Psychotria viridis R.P.

latestScientificName: Psychotria viridis R.P.

identifiedBy: C Hamilton

verbatimDateIdentified: 1988-9

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: ALTO RIO ITAYA Paraiso, Alt Gaya

locality: ALTO RIO ITAYA Paraiso, Alt Gaya

habitat: Small tree. Forest of

verbatimElevation: 145 M

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 614121

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 81
File: 0081_V0225047F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Coll. T. Plowman, A. Sagástegui, J. Mostacero, F. R. Mejía & F. Peláez

collectedBy: T Plowman

secondaryCollectors: A Sagástegui A | J Mostacero L | F R Mejía | F Peláez

recordNumber: 14242

verbatimEventDate: 12 July 1986

minimumEventDate: 1986-07-12

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Abutilon mollissimum (Cav.) Sweet

latestScientificName: Abutilon multiflorum R.E. fr. vel aff.

identifiedBy: N Hensold

verbatimDateIdentified: 1998

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Cajamarca

secondPoliticalUnit: Jaén

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Road from Pucará to Chamaya, km. 21 east of Pucará, along Río Huancabamba

locality: Road from Pucará to Chamaya, km. 21 east of Pucará, along Río Huancabamba

habitat: Dry scrub forest on steep slopes

verbatimElevation: 700 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 82
File: 0082_V0239614F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Magda Chanco with Michelle McMahon and Larry Hufford

collectedBy: M Chanco

secondaryCollectors: M McMahon | L Hufford

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 14 April 2003

minimumEventDate: 2003-04-14

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Abutilon sp.

latestScientificName: Abutilon sp.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Cajamarca

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Chilete-San Pablo road about 15 km from Chilete. S7° 10.554' W78° 49.665'

locality: Chilete-San Pablo road about 15 kilometers from Chilete

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: 3614 feet

verbatimCoordinates: S7° 10.554' W78° 49.665'

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 83
File: 0083_V0414961F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Marcos Rios, Tony Mori, Nigel Pitman, Luis Torres, Corine Vriesendorp

collectedBy: M Rios

secondaryCollectors: T Mori | N Pitman | L Torres | C Vriesendorp

recordNumber: 4399

verbatimEventDate: 13 octubre 2014

minimumEventDate: 2014-10-13

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Andira macrothyrsa Ducke

latestScientificName: Andira macrothyrsa Ducke

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: Requena

municipality: Soplín

verbatimLocality: Quebrada Yanayacu-Río Blanco. Campamento Wiswincho del inventario rápido #27, de la región Tapiche-Blanco

locality: Quebrada Yanayacu-Río Blanco. Campamento Wiswincho del inventario rápido #27, de la región Tapiche-Blanco

habitat: Bosque de Planicie Inundable de aguas blancas. Árbol 7 m, flores amarillas y los botones son de color beish (beige)

verbatimElevation: 90-110 msnm

verbatimCoordinates: 05°48'33.5"S 73°51'53.8"W

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 84
File: 0084_V0414962F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Marcos Ríos, Tony Mori, Nigel Pitman, Luis Torres, Corine Vriesendorp

collectedBy: M Ríos

secondaryCollectors: T Mori | N Pitman | L Torres | C Vriesendorp

recordNumber: 4399

verbatimEventDate: 13 octubre 2014

minimumEventDate: 2014-10-13

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Andira macrothyrsa Ducke

latestScientificName: Andira macrothyrsa Ducke

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: Requena

municipality: Soplín

verbatimLocality: Quebrada Yanayacu-Río Blanco. Campamento Wiswincho del inventario rápido #27, de la región Tapiche-Blanco

locality: Quebrada Yanayacu-Río Blanco. Campamento Wiswincho del inventario rápido #27, de la región Tapiche-Blanco

habitat: Bosque de Planicie Inundable de aguas blancas. Árbol 7 m, flores amarillas y los botones son de color beish (beige)

verbatimElevation: 90-110 msnm

verbatimCoordinates: 05°48'33.5"S 73°51'53.8"W

otherCatalogNumbers: 2318557

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 85
File: 0085_V0462893F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 8265

verbatimEventDate: Oct. 9, 1936

minimumEventDate: 1936-10-09

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Piper callosum Ruiz & Pavon

latestScientificName: Piper callosum Ruiz & Pavon

identifiedBy: Trelease

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Huanuco

secondPoliticalUnit: Huanuco

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Departamento and Provincia Huanuco. Near confluence Rio Cayumba with Huallaga; forested slope above road

locality: Departamento and Provincia Huanuco. Near confluence Rio Cayumba with Huallaga; forested slope above road

habitat: Perennial herb .8-2 m. high; stems weak; often forms small thickets; leaf blade joins petiole at angle, so often hangs perpendicular, shedding rain. Abundant. "Matico."

verbatimElevation: 805 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1066996

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 86
File: 0086_V0462895F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia, No. 6157

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 6157

verbatimEventDate: Nov. 24, 1931

minimumEventDate: 1931-11-24

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Piper callosum Ruiz & Pav.

latestScientificName: Piper callosum Ruiz & Pav.

identifiedBy: Trelease

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Right bank of mouth of Rio Santiago; dense forest.

locality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Right bank of mouth of Rio Santiago; dense forest.

habitat: Spreading, perennial herb 1.5 m. high; fruit brick-red when mature; fruit and foliage have a strong odor of wintergreen; tea is made from them. "Huausa." "Anise del Monte."

verbatimElevation: 200 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 872277

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 87
File: 0087_V0441679F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Donald R. Simpson 565 & José Schunke V.

collectedBy: D R Simpson

secondaryCollectors: J Schunke V

recordNumber: 565

verbatimEventDate: January 4, 1968

minimumEventDate: 1968-01-04

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Ipomoea carnea Jacq.

latestScientificName: Ipomoea carnea Jacq.

identifiedBy: D Simpson

verbatimDateIdentified: Jan. 1969

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Tumbes

secondPoliticalUnit: Tumbes

municipality: Pampas de Hospital

verbatimLocality: Along the road about 10 km. northwest of El Caucho. Bosque Nacional de Tumbes: Región de "bosque muy seco tropical" (sensu Tosi, 1960) cerca de El Caucho o entre El Caucho y Pampas de Hospital

locality: Along the road about 10 km. northwest of El Caucho. Bosque Nacional de Tumbes: Región de "bosque muy seco tropical" (sensu Tosi, 1960) cerca de El Caucho o entre El Caucho y Pampas de Hospital

habitat: Vine clambering over shrubs; corolla pale lavender, open in the morning sun, closed on this cloudy afternoon when collected. Common from the dry, deciduous forest zone, downward into the very dry thorn-scrub

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1897948

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 88
File: 0088_V0441677F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Coll. T. Plowman & P. M. Rury

collectedBy: T Plowman

secondaryCollectors: P M Rury

recordNumber: 11105

verbatimEventDate: 6 December 1981

minimumEventDate: 1981-12-06

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Ipomoea carnea Jacq.

latestScientificName: Ipomoea carnea Jacq.

identifiedBy: A McDonald

verbatimDateIdentified: 1983

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Huánuco

secondPoliticalUnit: Huánuco

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: DEPT. HUÁNUCO: Prov. Huánuco. 8 km northeast of Huánuco on road to Tingo María. Approx. 9°52'S., 76°11'W.

locality: 8 km northeast of Huánuco on road to Tingo María

habitat: Scandent shrub on roadside near houses. Stem with milky sap. Fls. pink

verbatimElevation: 1750 m

verbatimCoordinates: Approx. 9°52'S., 76°11'W

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 89
File: 0089_V0401892F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Robin B. Foster

collectedBy: R B Foster

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 4240

verbatimEventDate: Aug. 19, 1978

minimumEventDate: 1978-08-19

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Aechmea corymbosa (Mart. ex Schult. & Schult.f.) Mez

latestScientificName: Aechmea corymbosa (Mart. ex Schult. & Schult.f.) Mez

identifiedBy: E J Gouda

verbatimDateIdentified: 2018-02-05

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: Maynas

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Rio Nanay Caseria Mishana 30km SW of Iquitos Callicebus Biological Res. 4km S. of Mishana. Forested hills on white or brown sand soils

locality: Rio Nanay Caseria Mishana 30km SW of Iquitos Callicebus Biological Res. 4km S. of Mishana. Forested hills on white or brown sand soils

habitat: Terrestrial in white sand scrub; bracts bright red-pink; flowers white

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1852637

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 90
File: 0090_V0460617F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J. Farfán, L. Valenzuela, I. Huamantupa, A. Carazas, W. Argandoña

collectedBy: J Farfán

secondaryCollectors: L Valenzuela | I Huamantupa | A Carazas | W Argandoña

recordNumber: 1262

verbatimEventDate: 23 Octubre 2006

minimumEventDate: 2006-10-23

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Anthurium clavigerum Poepp.

latestScientificName: Anthurium clavigerum Poepp.

identifiedBy: T B Croat

verbatimDateIdentified: 2008

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Cusco

secondPoliticalUnit: La Convención

municipality: Dist. Vilcabamba

verbatimLocality: Chuanquiri camino a Riobamba, Bosque secundario

locality: Chuanquiri camino a Riobamba, Bosque secundario

habitat: Bosque Secundario. Epifita, hasta 70 cm, espádice rojo, espata verde

verbatimElevation: 1009 m

verbatimCoordinates: 12°47'15"S 073°10'10"W

otherCatalogNumbers: 2315782

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 91
File: 0091_V0469643F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Thomas B. Croat 18210

collectedBy: T B Croat

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 18210

verbatimEventDate: July 18, 1972

minimumEventDate: 1972-07-18

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Agave americana L.

latestScientificName: Agave americana L.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Sandy area 12.5 km SW of Iquitos on road to Lago Quisto-cocha

locality: Sandy area 12.5 km SW of Iquitos on road to Lago Quisto-cocha

habitat: leaves to 1.5 m long, in basal rosette; infl to ca 5 m high; fruits green; a few infl branches arising from near base

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1759629

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 92
File: 0092_V0075820F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: coll. T. R. Dudley

collectedBy: T R Dudley

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 10783

verbatimEventDate: 4 July 1968

minimumEventDate: 1968-07-04

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Thelypteris dudleyi A. R. Smith

latestScientificName: Thelypteris dudleyi A. R. Smith

identifiedBy: A R Smith

verbatimDateIdentified: 1989

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Cuzco

secondPoliticalUnit: La Convencion

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Cordillera Vilcabamba, 12° 37'; 73° 32', between camp 4 & 5; almost to camp 5

locality: Cordillera Vilcabamba, between camp 4 & 5; almost to camp 5

habitat: Common, terrestrial type with bright green foliage & purplish-black & glossy petioles; saxatile on almost vertical rock faces. In full sun on open landslide, just above the cloud forest, one of the commonest colonizers of landslide

verbatimElevation: c. 2850 m

verbatimCoordinates: 12° 37'; 73° 32'

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: Isotype
==================================================
Entry 93
File: 0093_V0075836F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: S. Knapp

collectedBy: S Knapp

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 5881

verbatimEventDate: 4 July 1982

minimumEventDate: 1982-07-04

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: TRICHIPTERIS PINNATA Stolze

latestScientificName: TRICHIPTERIS PINNATA Stolze

identifiedBy: R G Stolze

verbatimDateIdentified: 1984

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Panama

firstPoliticalUnit: Colón

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Santa Rita Ridge road, 21-26 km from Transisthmian Highway. Tropical wet forest. 9°25'N, 79°37'W

locality: Santa Rita Ridge road, 21-26 km from Transisthmian Highway. Tropical wet forest. 9°25'N, 79°37'W

habitat: terrestrial. Sori brown

verbatimElevation: 500-550 m

verbatimCoordinates: 9°25'N, 79°37'W

otherCatalogNumbers: 1932768

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: Isotype
==================================================
Entry 94
File: 0094_C0616676F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J. Dorantes

collectedBy: J Dorantes

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 455

verbatimEventDate: 01/01/1972

minimumEventDate: 1972-01-01

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Woodwardia spinulosa Mart. & Gal.

latestScientificName: Woodwardia spinulosa Mart. & Gal.

identifiedBy: Mónica Palacios-Rios

verbatimDateIdentified: September, 2000

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Mexico

firstPoliticalUnit: Veracruz

secondPoliticalUnit: Jalapa

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Alto del Gato. Mapa 38.5 29.0

locality: Alto del Gato. Mapa 38.5 29.0

habitat: Bosque caducifolio. Suelo rojo arcilloso. Muy abundante helecho perenne veg. riparia. Veg. primaria. Tam. 1.30 m.

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1730602

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 95
File: 0095_C0644079F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: A. Monteagudo, C. Mateo, G. Ortiz

collectedBy: A Monteagudo

secondaryCollectors: C Mateo | G Ortiz

recordNumber: 4909

verbatimEventDate: 10 Abril 2003

minimumEventDate: 2003-04-10

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Blechnum occidentalis L.

latestScientificName: Blechnum occidentalis L.

identifiedBy: H van der Werff

verbatimDateIdentified: 2005

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Pasco

secondPoliticalUnit: Oxapampa

municipality: Pozuzo

verbatimLocality: Distrito Pozuzo. Parque Nacional Yanachaga Chemillen Pozuzo Sector Pan de Azúcar, Zona de Recuperación. Bosque ribereño.

locality: Distrito Pozuzo. Parque Nacional Yanachaga Chemillen Pozuzo Sector Pan de Azúcar, Zona de Recuperación. Bosque ribereño.

habitat: Helecho terrestre adpreso a la roca, soros marrones

verbatimElevation: 1100-1250m

verbatimCoordinates: 10°15'S 75°13'W

otherCatalogNumbers: 2287355

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 96
File: 0096_C0658238F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 8066

verbatimEventDate: May 14, 1936

minimumEventDate: 1936-05-14

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Adiantum pulverulentum L.

latestScientificName: Adiantum pulverulentum L.

identifiedBy: Copeland

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Cuzco

secondPoliticalUnit: La Convencion

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Departamento Cuzco. Provincia La Convencion; upper valley of Rio Sambray; western affluent of Vilcanota; along stream in virgin forest

locality: Departamento Cuzco. Provincia La Convencion; upper valley of Rio Sambray; western affluent of Vilcanota; along stream in virgin forest

habitat: Common; scattered

verbatimElevation: about 1800 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 97
File: 0097_C0637474F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J.I. Calzada

collectedBy: J I Calzada

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 5759

verbatimEventDate: 11 enero 1980

minimumEventDate: 1980-01-11

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Diplazium franconis Liebm.

latestScientificName: Diplazium franconis Liebm.

identifiedBy: Robert G Stolze

verbatimDateIdentified: 1983

associatedTaxa: Liquidambar styraciflua, Quercus sp., Alnus sp.

country: México

firstPoliticalUnit: Veracruz

secondPoliticalUnit: Xico

municipality: Xico

verbatimLocality: Ranchería de Coatitlán

locality: Ranchería de Coatitlán

habitat: Muy húmedo, Bosque Caducifolio, Café arcilloso, Escasa, Hierba, 1 mts.

verbatimElevation: 1820 m s.n.m.

verbatimCoordinates: 19° 29' N 97° 04' W

otherCatalogNumbers: 1894963

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 98
File: 0098_C0636906F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Antonio Molina R

collectedBy: A Molina R

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 1427

verbatimEventDate: Nov. 4, 1948

minimumEventDate: 1948-11-04

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Thelypteris piloso-hispida (Hook) Morton

latestScientificName: Thelypteris rudis (Kunze) Proctor

identifiedBy: A R Smith

verbatimDateIdentified: 1974

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Honduras

firstPoliticalUnit: Morazán

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Helecho arboreo. Bosque lluvioso, norte de la Mt. Uyuca, caminos Tatumbla, Labranza y Quebrada El Granadillo, sobre la Mt. Uyuca, Drainage of the Río Yeguare, at about Longitude 87° W. and Latitude 14° N.

locality: Helecho arboreo. Bosque lluvioso, norte de la Mt. Uyuca, caminos Tatumbla, Labranza y Quebrada El Granadillo, sobre la Mt. Uyuca, Drainage of the Río Yeguare, at about Longitude 87° W. and Latitude 14° N.

habitat: Bosque lluvioso

verbatimElevation: 1800 m

verbatimCoordinates: Longitude 87° W. and Latitude 14° N

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 99
File: 0099_C0665739F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: B. León, K. Young & N. Huapaya

collectedBy: B León

secondaryCollectors: K Young | N Huapaya

recordNumber: 2911

verbatimEventDate: 10 setiembre 1991

minimumEventDate: 1991-09-10

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Thelypteris eucholora (Sod.) Reed

latestScientificName: Thelypteris eucholora (Sod.) Reed

identifiedBy: Robert G Stolze

verbatimDateIdentified: 1992

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Cuzco

secondPoliticalUnit: Paucartambo

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Bosque de Nubes, Río La Unión. En ladera.

locality: Bosque de Nubes, Río La Unión. En ladera.

habitat: Hierba, rizoma masivo rastrero, hojas 1.5 m largo, pinnas reducidas base nectarios presentes.

verbatimElevation: 1700-1800 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2112158

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 100
File: 0100_C0626158F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Louis O. Williams, Antonio Molina R., Terua P. Williams, Dorothy N. Gibson, and Chester Laskowski

collectedBy: L O Williams

secondaryCollectors: A Molina R. | T P Williams | D N Gibson | C Laskowski

recordNumber: 27621

verbatimEventDate: January 15, 1965

minimumEventDate: 1965-01-15

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Polypodium blepharodes Maxon

latestScientificName: Grammitis blepharodes (Maxon) Seymour

identifiedBy: R Stolze

verbatimDateIdentified: 1965

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Nicaragua

firstPoliticalUnit: Matagalpa

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Montane rain forest, or cloud forest, Disparate de Potter, Sta. María de Ostuma, Cordillera Central de Nicaragua, Department of Matagalpa

locality: Montane rain forest, or cloud forest, Disparate de Potter, Sta. María de Ostuma, Cordillera Central de Nicaragua, Department of Matagalpa

habitat: Epiphyte on mossy tree

verbatimElevation: 1600 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1626179

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 101
File: 0101_C0665657F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ken Young & Mark Eisenberg 265

collectedBy: K Young

secondaryCollectors: M Eisenberg

recordNumber: 265

verbatimEventDate: 20 April 1981

minimumEventDate: 1981-04-20

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Thelypteris (subg. Amauropelta) cheilanthoides (Kunze) Proctor

latestScientificName: Thelypteris (subg. Amauropelta) cheilanthoides (Kunze) Proctor

identifiedBy: A R Smith

verbatimDateIdentified: 1989

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Cuzco

secondPoliticalUnit: La Convencion

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Just east of Quillabamba. Finca Chichima; cocoa, coffee, yuca, mangoes, bananas, corn crops grown

locality: Just east of Quillabamba. Finca Chichima; cocoa, coffee, yuca, mangoes, bananas, corn crops grown

habitat: Fern. Terrestrial; 1 m tall

verbatimElevation: 1300-1400 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 0665657

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 102
File: 0102_C0045536F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Thomas G. Lammers

collectedBy: T G Lammers

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 10674

verbatimEventDate: 9 May 1998

minimumEventDate: 1998-05-09

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Dryopteris carthusiana (Vill.) H.P. Fuchs

latestScientificName: Dryopteris carthusiana (Vill.) H.P. Fuchs

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: United States of America

firstPoliticalUnit: Illinois

secondPoliticalUnit: Cook Co.

municipality: Palos Twp.

verbatimLocality: Swallow Cliffs Woods Forest Preserve, southwest of the jct. of US Hwy 45 and State Hwy 83

locality: Swallow Cliffs Woods Forest Preserve, southwest of the junction of US Highway 45 and State Highway 83

habitat: Local in mesic maple-basswood forest on steep slopes of deep ravine south of toboggan run

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2228497

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 103
File: 0103_C0627900F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Louis O. Williams, Antonio Molina R., Albertina R. Molina

collectedBy: L O Williams

secondaryCollectors: A Molina R. | A R Molina

recordNumber: 12562

verbatimEventDate: Mayo 22, 1963

minimumEventDate: 1963-05-22

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Polypodium montigenum Maxon

latestScientificName: Polypodium montigenum Maxon

identifiedBy: A Molina R

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: El Salvador

firstPoliticalUnit: Santa Ana

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Bosque abierto de Montaña Montecristo, Department Santa Ana

locality: Bosque abierto de Montaña Montecristo, Department Santa Ana

habitat: Epífita

verbatimElevation: 2000 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1661895

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 104
File: 0104_V0082645F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: M. O. Dillon

collectedBy: M O Dillon

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 5376

verbatimEventDate: 21 Dec 1987

minimumEventDate: 1987-12-21

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Notholaena mollis Kunze

latestScientificName: Notholaena mollis Kunze

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Chile

firstPoliticalUnit: Región II: ANTOFAGASTA

secondPoliticalUnit: ANTOFAGASTA

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Cerro Perales, ca. 5 km E of Taltal

locality: Cerro Perales, ca. 5 km E of Taltal

habitat: Terrestrial, growing in rock crevices

verbatimElevation: 600-850 m

verbatimCoordinates: 25° 25' S, 70° 25' W

otherCatalogNumbers: 2010984

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 105
File: 0105_C0666362F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: ROLLA M. & ALICE F. TRYON 6566

collectedBy: R M Tryon

secondaryCollectors: A F Tryon

recordNumber: 6566

verbatimEventDate: 23 October 1965

minimumEventDate: 1965-10-23

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Thelypteris Lindigii (C.Chr.) Alston

latestScientificName: Thelypteris rufa (Poir.) A.R.Smith, ined

identifiedBy: A R Smith

verbatimDateIdentified: 1979, 1989

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Ancash

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Road from Huaras to Cusma, west valley

locality: Road from Huaras to Cusma, west valley

habitat: damp shaded rocks

verbatimElevation: 2800 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1833066

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 106
File: 0106_C0666207F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: E. P. KILLIP, A. C. SMITH

collectedBy: E P Killip

secondaryCollectors: A C Smith

recordNumber: 29721

verbatimEventDate: September 20-22, 1929

minimumEventDate: 1929-09-20

maximumEventDate: 1929-09-22

verbatimIdentification: Dryopteris megalodus (Schk.) Urban

latestScientificName: Thelypteris pennata (Poiret) C. Morton

identifiedBy: Alan R Smith

verbatimDateIdentified: 1989

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Soledad, on Rio Itaya; alt. about 110 meters; dense forest

locality: Soledad, on Rio Itaya; dense forest

habitat: dense forest

verbatimElevation: about 110 meters

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 107
File: 0107_C0666206F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: E. P. KILLIP A. C. SMITH Collectors

collectedBy: E P Killip

secondaryCollectors: A C Smith

recordNumber: 29437

verbatimEventDate: September 18, 1929

minimumEventDate: 1929-09-18

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Dryopteris megalodus (Schk.) Urban

latestScientificName: Thelypteris pennata (Poiret) C. Morton

identifiedBy: Alan R Smith

verbatimDateIdentified: 1989

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: San Antonio, on Rio Itaya; alt. about 110 meters; dense forest

locality: San Antonio, on Rio Itaya; dense forest

habitat: dense forest

verbatimElevation: about 110 meters

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1520667

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 108
File: 0108_C0666203F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: MACBRIDE & FEATHERSTONE

collectedBy: J F Macbride

secondaryCollectors: Featherstone

recordNumber: 1622

verbatimEventDate: JULY 8-22, 1922

minimumEventDate: 1922-07-08

maximumEventDate: 1922-07-22

verbatimIdentification: Dryopteris pavoniana (Klotzsch) Christ

latestScientificName: Thelypteris pavoniana (Klotzsch) Tryon

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Mito

verbatimLocality: Sunny dirt ledges of the grass-shrub formation

locality: Sunny dirt ledges of the grass-shrub formation

habitat: Sunny dirt ledges of the grass-shrub formation

verbatimElevation: ABOUT 9000 FT

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 109
File: 0109_C0666202F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J. J. WURDACK No. 705

collectedBy: J J Wurdack

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 705

verbatimEventDate: 1 June 1962

minimumEventDate: 1962-06-01

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Thelypteris (Thelypteris) pavoniana (Klotzsch)

latestScientificName: Thelypteris pavoniana (Klotzsch) Tryon

identifiedBy: Alan R Smith

verbatimDateIdentified: 1979, 1989

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Amazonas

secondPoliticalUnit: Chachapoyas

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Upper slopes of Puma-urcu east-southeast of Chachapoyas

locality: Upper slopes of Puma-urcu east-southeast of Chachapoyas

habitat: On banks, locally frequent

verbatimElevation: 2700-3000 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1647265

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 110
File: 0110_C0666112F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: ROLLA M. TRYON & ALICE F. TRYON

collectedBy: R M Tryon

secondaryCollectors: A F Tryon

recordNumber: 5202

verbatimEventDate: Aug. 13, 1956

minimumEventDate: 1956-08-13

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Thelypteris opulenta (Kaulf.) Fosberg

latestScientificName: Thelypteris opulenta (Kaulf.) Fosberg

identifiedBy: A R Smith

verbatimDateIdentified: 1979, 1990

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: Maynas

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Rio Itaya, 10 km. s. of Iquitos

locality: Rio Itaya, 10 kilometers south of Iquitos

habitat: In old banana planting

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1587072

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 111
File: 0111_C0639123F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Louis O. Williams, Antonio Molina R. and Terua P. Williams

collectedBy: L O Williams

secondaryCollectors: A Molina R. | T P Williams

recordNumber: 23634

verbatimEventDate: January 8-15, 1963

minimumEventDate: 1963-01-08

maximumEventDate: 1963-01-15

verbatimIdentification: Lycopodium clavatum L.

latestScientificName: Lycopodium clavatum L.

identifiedBy: C V Morton & D B Lellinger

verbatimDateIdentified: 1964

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Nicaragua

firstPoliticalUnit: Matagalpa

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Cloud forest area, Sta. María de Ostuma, Cordillera Central de Nicaragua between Matagalpa and Jinotega, Department of Matagalpa

locality: Cloud forest area, Sta. María de Ostuma, Cordillera Central of Nicaragua between Matagalpa and Jinotega, Department of Matagalpa

habitat: Terrestrial on open bank

verbatimElevation: 1300-1500 meters

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 112
File: 0112_C0675553F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: John T. Atwood, Jr.

collectedBy: J T Atwood

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 77105

verbatimEventDate: 8 Feb. 1977

minimumEventDate: 1977-02-08

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Adiantum trapeziforme L.

latestScientificName: Adiantum exuberans McCarthy & Hickey

identifiedBy: M R McCarthy

verbatimDateIdentified: 2012

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Nicaragua

firstPoliticalUnit: Granada

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Volcan Mombacho. Lower cloud forest near finca Cutirre.

locality: Volcan Mombacho. Lower cloud forest near finca Cutirre.

habitat: Lower cloud forest

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1868242

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 113
File: 0113_C0675619F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: H. et al.

collectedBy: H Hinton

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 7644

verbatimEventDate: 4-21-35

minimumEventDate: 1935-04-21

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Adiantum trapeziforme L.

latestScientificName: Adiantum exuberans McCarthy & Hickey

identifiedBy: M R McCarthy

verbatimDateIdentified: 2012

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Mexico

firstPoliticalUnit: México

secondPoliticalUnit: Temascaltepec

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Pantoja

locality: Pantoja

habitat: dry barranca

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 954869

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 114
File: 0114_C0355438F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: R.A. Maas Geesteranus

collectedBy: R A Maas Geesteranus

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 5744

verbatimEventDate: 12-VIII-1949

minimumEventDate: 1949-08-12

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Asplenium dregeanum Kze

latestScientificName: Asplenium sandersonii Hook

identifiedBy: R Faden

verbatimDateIdentified: 1976

associatedTaxa: Conopharyngia holstii

country: Kenya

firstPoliticalUnit: Nyanza

secondPoliticalUnit: Kericho

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: South Western Mau Forest Reserve, camp 8, lat. 0°36'30" S., long. 35°18'20" E

locality: South Western Mau Forest Reserve, camp 8

habitat: riparian-woodland along the river Itare, among others with Conopharyngia holstii

verbatimElevation: 1920 m s.m

verbatimCoordinates: lat. 0°36'30" S., long. 35°18'20" E

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 115
File: 0115_C0359489F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: M. Véliz con J. M. Véliz, J. Charco, H. Sains, J. Lopez y R. Esteban

collectedBy: M Véliz

secondaryCollectors: J M Véliz | J Charco | H Sains | J Lopez | R Esteban

recordNumber: MV 16199

verbatimEventDate: 22/XI/2005

minimumEventDate: 2005-11-22

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Lophosoria quadripinnata (J.F. Gmel.) C. Chr. var. quadripinnata

latestScientificName: Lophosoria quadripinnata (J.F. Gmel.) C. Chr. var. quadripinnata

identifiedBy: M Véliz

verbatimDateIdentified: 24/XI/2005

associatedTaxa: Quercus sp

country: Guatemala

firstPoliticalUnit: Jalapa

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Aldea San Raymundo

verbatimLocality: río Manzanillos

locality: río Manzanillos

habitat: Helecho muy frecuente, con frondes compuestos, glaucos en el envés, creciendo dentro de bosque de Quercus sp

verbatimElevation: 2308 msnm

verbatimCoordinates: 14° 33' 43.7" N, 90° 06' 19.70" O

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 116
File: 0116_C0662895F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: CHAS. F. MILLSPAUGH, M. D

collectedBy: C F Millspaugh

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 893

verbatimEventDate: JAN. 28-FEB. 6

minimumEventDate: 1899-01-28

maximumEventDate: 1899-02-06

verbatimIdentification: Asplenium dentatum L

latestScientificName: Asplenium dentatum L

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Jamaica

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: PORT ANTONIO

locality: PORT ANTONIO

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 117
File: 0117_C0363828F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: T. G. YUNCKER

collectedBy: T G Yuncker

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 17,429

verbatimEventDate: Nov. 17, 1957

minimumEventDate: 1957-11-17

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Lycopodium cernuum L.

latestScientificName: Lycopodium cernuum L.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Jamaica

firstPoliticalUnit: St. Andrew

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Scrambling over side of cut, along trail near Bellevue

locality: Scrambling over side of cut, along trail near Bellevue

habitat: Scrambling over side of cut

verbatimElevation: 3000-4000 ft

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 118
File: 0118_C0363985F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Carvalho 2092

collectedBy: Carvalho

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 2092

verbatimEventDate: 25-VII-1986

minimumEventDate: 1986-07-25

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Lycopodiella cernua (L.) Pic.-Serm.

latestScientificName: Lycopodiella cernua (L.) Pic.-Serm.

identifiedBy: J Fernández Casas

verbatimDateIdentified: 1991

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Equatorial Guinea

firstPoliticalUnit: Bioco

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Malabo

verbatimLocality: Malabo - Basilé, km 13, cerca de Basilé, 32NMK7808, márgenes de la carretera

locality: Malabo - Basilé, km 13, cerca de Basilé, márgenes de la carretera

habitat: Postrada. Forma pequeñas colonias dispersas

verbatimElevation: 390 m

verbatimCoordinates: 32NMK7808

otherCatalogNumbers: 2201362

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 119
File: 0119_C0363442F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Henk van der Werff

collectedBy: H van der Werff

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 11699

verbatimEventDate: 12 June 1990

minimumEventDate: 1990-06-12

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Diplazium assimile (Endl.) Bedd.

latestScientificName: Diplazium assimile (Endl.) Bedd.

identifiedBy: H van der Werff

verbatimDateIdentified: 1991

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Australia

firstPoliticalUnit: Queensland

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Boonjee logging area, at base of Mt. Bartle Frere.

locality: Boonjee logging area, at base of Mt. Bartle Frere.

habitat: Rainforest. Terrestrial fern, fronds 1 m tall. Rhizome erect. In sets of two.

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: 145°43'E 17°25'S

otherCatalogNumbers: 0363442

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 120
File: 0120_C0378283F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: M. Tagawa & K. Iwatsuki

collectedBy: M Tagawa

secondaryCollectors: K Iwatsuki

recordNumber: 1150

verbatimEventDate: July 28, 1956

minimumEventDate: 1956-07-28

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Diplazium amabile (Tag.) Tag.

latestScientificName: Diplazium amabile (Tag.) Tag.

identifiedBy: M Tagawa | K Iwatsuki

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Japan

firstPoliticalUnit: Kyushu

secondPoliticalUnit: Kagoshima

municipality: Kanoya City

verbatimLocality: western slope of Mt. Hoyoshi, south of Kanoya City

locality: western slope of Mt. Hoyoshi, south of Kanoya City

habitat: Wet rocky slope in densely wooded ravine

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1475055

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 121
File: 0121_C0364726F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: W. Takeuchi & J. Wiakabu

collectedBy: W Takeuchi

secondaryCollectors: J Wiakabu

recordNumber: 9366

verbatimEventDate: February 5, 1994

minimumEventDate: 1994-02-05

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Blechnum ledermanni Brause

latestScientificName: Blechnum ledermanni Brause

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Papua New Guinea

firstPoliticalUnit: New Ireland

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Hans Meyer Range. Site 4 on the expedition report.

locality: Hans Meyer Range. Site 4 on the expedition report.

habitat: Pristine subcloud forest dominated by bryophytic and ferny growth.

verbatimElevation: c. 1800 m

verbatimCoordinates: 4°25'S X 152°59'E

otherCatalogNumbers: 2158436

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 122
File: 0122_C0366013F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Tagawa & Iwatsuki

collectedBy: Tagawa

secondaryCollectors: Iwatsuki

recordNumber: 888

verbatimEventDate: May 20, 1956

minimumEventDate: 1956-05-20

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Dryopteris crassirhizoma Nakai

latestScientificName: Dryopteris crassirhizoma Nakai

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Japan

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: N/A

locality: [precise locality unknown]

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1479001

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 123
File: 0123_C0366453F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Coll. J. Ohwi

collectedBy: J Ohwi

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: April 1951

minimumEventDate: 1951-04-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Polystichum tripteron Presl

latestScientificName: Polystichum tripteron Presl

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Japan

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Honce: Jimmuji in Sagami

locality: Honce: Jimmuji in Sagami

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 124
File: 0124_C0364207F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Father Morice Vanoverbergh

collectedBy: M Vanoverbergh

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 3591

verbatimEventDate: April 13

minimumEventDate: 1900-04-13

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Asplenium contiguum Kaulf.

latestScientificName: Asplenium contiguum Kaulf.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Philippines

firstPoliticalUnit: Luzon

secondPoliticalUnit: Bontoc Subprovince

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Bontoc Subprovince, Luzon

locality: Bontoc Subprovince, Luzon

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 393439

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 125
File: 0125_C0376117F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: R.B. & A.J. Faden

collectedBy: R B Faden

secondaryCollectors: A J Faden

recordNumber: 77/53

verbatimEventDate: 5 Jan. 1977

minimumEventDate: 1977-01-05

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pyrossia lanceolata (L.) Farw.

latestScientificName: Pyrossia lanceolata (L.) Farw.

identifiedBy: D B Lellinger

verbatimDateIdentified: 1979

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Ceylon

firstPoliticalUnit: North Western Province

secondPoliticalUnit: Kurunegala District

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Doluwakanda Hill, ca. 7°37'N, 80°24'30"E

locality: Doluwakanda Hill, ca. 7°37'N, 80°24'30"E

habitat: Forest. Locally common. Lithophyte. Rhizome creeping; fronds widely spaced

verbatimElevation: 600 m

verbatimCoordinates: ca. 7°37'N, 80°24'30"E

otherCatalogNumbers: 2014294

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 126
File: 0126_C0377881F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: By Albert N. Steward, C. Y. Chino, and H. C. Cheo

collectedBy: A N Steward

secondaryCollectors: C Y Chino | H C Cheo

recordNumber: 344

verbatimEventDate: Sept. 4, 1931

minimumEventDate: 1931-09-04

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Dryopteris sephoride (Thunb.) Kuntze Esquirolic Christ

latestScientificName: Thelypteris esquirolli (Christ) Ching

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: China

firstPoliticalUnit: Kweichow

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Moist brushy slope, Ta Ho Yen FAN CHING SHAN

locality: Moist brushy slope, Ta Ho Yen FAN CHING SHAN

habitat: Moist brushy slope

verbatimElevation: 980 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 127
File: 0127_C0382365F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Julie F. Barcelona

collectedBy: J F Barcelona

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 48

verbatimEventDate: Nov., 1989

minimumEventDate: 1989-11-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Selaginella cf. repanda

latestScientificName: Selaginella philippinensis Spring

identifiedBy: J F Barcelona

verbatimDateIdentified: Nov., 1989

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Philippines

firstPoliticalUnit: W. Visayas, Panay I.

secondPoliticalUnit: Antique Prov.

municipality: Sibalom

verbatimLocality: W. Visayas, Panay I., Antique Prov., Sibalom, Egaña

locality: W. Visayas, Panay I., Antique Prov., Sibalom, Egaña

habitat: on shaded & moist areas along river bank

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2210265

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 128
File: 0128_C0368029F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: L. & A. Fay

collectedBy: L Fay

secondaryCollectors: A Fay

recordNumber: 1206

verbatimEventDate: 11 Apr 1985

minimumEventDate: 1985-04-11

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Drynaria laurentii (Christ.) Hieron.

latestScientificName: Drynaria laurentii (Christ.) Hieron.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Liberia

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Cuttington University College

locality: Cuttington University College

habitat: On tree trunk about 10' from ground; common in groves of rubber trees, on trunks. Pinnae 12-15 pairs (fertile leaves); stipe/blade 15,16,17/55,59,55 cm. Sterile leaves 25 x 12 cm., no stipe

verbatimElevation: 250 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2111378

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 129
File: 0129_C0356535F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: H. St. John

collectedBy: H St John

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 16662

verbatimEventDate: Aug. 26, 1934

minimumEventDate: 1934-08-26

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Humata banksii Alston

latestScientificName: Humata banksii Alston

identifiedBy: E B Copeland

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: N/A

firstPoliticalUnit: Austral Islands

secondPoliticalUnit: Rurutu

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Northwest slope of Teape, Teti woods

locality: Northwest slope of Teape, Teti woods

habitat: on mossy tree limb

verbatimElevation: 350 meters

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 130
File: 0130_C0383576F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: T. G. YUNCKER

collectedBy: T G Yuncker

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 18,561

verbatimEventDate: Mar. 30, 1958

minimumEventDate: 1958-03-30

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Selaginella plana (Diev.) Hieron.

latestScientificName: Selaginella plana (Diev.) Hieron.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Jamaica

firstPoliticalUnit: Portland

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: On wet embankment along trail, rain forest, John Crow Mts., 1.5-2 miles southwest of Ecclesdown

locality: On wet embankment along trail, rain forest, John Crow Mts., 1.5-2 miles southwest of Ecclesdown

habitat: On wet embankment along trail, rain forest

verbatimElevation: 1500-2500 ft

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 131
File: 0131_C0383180F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: A. CARESTIA

collectedBy: A Carestia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 1871

minimumEventDate: 1871-00-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: LYCOPODIUM COMPLANATUM L.

latestScientificName: Lycopodium complanatum L.

identifiedBy: Joan H. Wilce

verbatimDateIdentified: 1962

associatedTaxa: Lycopodium chamae-cyparissus Br.

country: Italy

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: Valsesia

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Salita alla Boscarola presso Scopello in Valsesia

locality: Salita alla Boscarola presso Scopello in Valsesia

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 132
File: 0132_C0358423F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: coll. C.J. Chamberlain

collectedBy: C J Chamberlain

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: Oct. 15, 1911

minimumEventDate: 1911-10-15

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Trichomanes reniforme

latestScientificName: Trichomanes reniforme

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: New Zealand

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Ohakune,

locality: Ohakune

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1407795

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 133
File: 0133_C0662992F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: R. L. Wilbur no. 8185 E. L. Dunn, H. A. Hespenheide, D. R. Wiseman

collectedBy: R L Wilbur

secondaryCollectors: E L Dunn | H A Hespenheide | D R Wiseman

recordNumber: 8185

verbatimEventDate: 2 August 1964

minimumEventDate: 1964-08-02

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Cnemidaria grandifolia (Willd.) det. R.L. Wilbur 1966

latestScientificName: Cnemidaria grandifolia (Willd.) Proctor var. grandifolia

identifiedBy: R G Stolze

verbatimDateIdentified: 1971

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Dominica

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: Parish of St. Paul

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Disturbed rainforest in the upper Layou Valley about 5 miles from Clarke Hall towards Pont Cassé

locality: Disturbed rainforest in the upper Layou Valley about 5 miles from Clarke Hall towards Pont Cassé

habitat: Common fern with trunk 2 dm. high. Fronds 2 m. long

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 134
File: 0134_C0377971F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: R.B. & A.J. Faden

collectedBy: R B Faden

secondaryCollectors: A J Faden

recordNumber: 77/31

verbatimEventDate: 2 Jan 1977

minimumEventDate: 1977-01-02

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Trigonespora obtusiloba Seng = Thelypteris

latestScientificName: Trigonespora obtusiloba Seng

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Ceylon

firstPoliticalUnit: Central Province

secondPoliticalUnit: Nuwara Eliya District

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: between mile posts 46/3 and 46/4 on Nuwara Eliya-Kandy road, 6°59'N, 80°45'E

locality: between mile posts 46/3 and 46/4 on Nuwara Eliya-Kandy road

habitat: Shady moist bank near stream. Local and uncommon. Rhizome erect; fronds tufted; pinnae not decrescent; veins free; sori indusiate

verbatimElevation: ca 1980 m

verbatimCoordinates: 6°59'N, 80°45'E

otherCatalogNumbers: 2089703

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 135
File: 0143_C0003693F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: leg. HK.

collectedBy: H K

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 68/641

verbatimEventDate: 5.VII.1968

minimumEventDate: 1968-07-05

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Crucispora naucorioides HK. 1971 (Typus)

latestScientificName: Crucispora naucorioides HK. 1971

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: Cyathea dealbata, C. smithii, Phyllocladus, Podocarpus

country: New Zealand

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Kauaeranga Valley, Coromandel Peninsula, N.Z.

locality: Kauaeranga Valley, Coromandel Peninsula

habitat: in Humus unter Cyathea dealbata, C. smithii, Phyllocladus, Podocarpus, etc.

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1017207

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: Typus
==================================================
Entry 136
File: 0144_C0004429F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Coll. Singer

collectedBy: Singer

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: B 7463

verbatimEventDate: 14 V 1973

minimumEventDate: 1973-05-14

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: HYGROCYBE DIMORPHOBASIDIATA Sing.

latestScientificName: HYGROCYBE DIMORPHOBASIDIATA Sing.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Ecuador

firstPoliticalUnit: Napo

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Lago Agrio

verbatimLocality: ECUADOR: Napo, Lago Agrio

locality: ECUADOR: Napo, Lago Agrio

habitat: Ad terram in hylaea

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1017827

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: Typus
==================================================
Entry 137
File: 0145_C0004430F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Coll. Singer

collectedBy: R Singer

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: M10517

verbatimEventDate: 23 II 1988

minimumEventDate: 1988-02-23

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: HYGROCYBE FUEGIANA Sing ( = H. rosea sensu Horak)

latestScientificName: HYGROCYBE FUEGIANA Sing

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: Sphagnum spec. and Rubus geoides

country: Argentina

firstPoliticalUnit: Tierra del Fuego

secondPoliticalUnit: Departamento Ushuaia

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: road Ushuaia-Lago Fagnano, SW of highest point

locality: road Ushuaia-Lago Fagnano, SW of highest point

habitat: Gregarious in bog margin with Sphagnum spec. and Rubus geoides

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1075922

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: Holotype
==================================================
Entry 138
File: 0178_C0000578F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: John J. Engel, Matt von Konrat & John E. Braggins

collectedBy: J J Engel

secondaryCollectors: M von Konrat | J E Braggins

recordNumber: 23773

verbatimEventDate: 12 February 2003

minimumEventDate: 2003-02-12

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Telaranea lindenbergii var. papillata Engel & Merr.

latestScientificName: Telaranea lindenbergii var. papillata Engel & Merr.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: Blechnum novae-zelandiae, Weinmannia, Dicksonia squarrosa, Leptospermum scoparium

country: New Zealand

firstPoliticalUnit: North Island

secondPoliticalUnit: Auckland Prov.

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Whareorino Forest, start of track to Leitch's Hut. 280 m., 38° 24.5' S., 174° 49.8' E.

locality: Whareorino Forest, start of track to Leitch's Hut. 280 meters, 38° 24.5' S., 174° 49.8' E.

habitat: On clayey bank. Clay banks with Blechnum novae-zelandiae overhang, Weinmannia and Dicksonia squarrosa dominant canopy and occasional Leptospermum scoparium.

verbatimElevation: 280 m.

verbatimCoordinates: 38° 24.5' S., 174° 49.8' E.

otherCatalogNumbers: 1173554

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: Holotype
==================================================
Entry 139
File: 0179_C2079898F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Marko Lewis

collectedBy: M Lewis

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 78-2684

verbatimEventDate: 21-22 November 1978

minimumEventDate: 1978-11-21

maximumEventDate: 1978-11-22

verbatimIdentification: Kindbergia praelonga (Hedw.) Ochyra

latestScientificName: Kindbergia praelonga (Hedw.) Ochyra

identifiedBy: W C Steer

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Ecuador

firstPoliticalUnit: Imbabura

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: PROV. IMBABURA: E. side of Cerro Cotacachi, NW of Cotacachi

locality: E. side of Cerro Cotacachi, NW of Cotacachi

habitat: Wet bank of runoff ravine

verbatimElevation: 3750 m

verbatimCoordinates: 0°22'N., 78°20'W.

otherCatalogNumbers: 1065158

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 140
File: 0180_C2077559F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Marko Lewis, no. 78-3163

collectedBy: M Lewis

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 78-3163

verbatimEventDate: 8 December 1978

minimumEventDate: 1978-12-08

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Hedwigia ciliata (Hedw.) P. Beauv.

latestScientificName: Hedwigia ciliata (Hedw.) P. Beauv.

identifiedBy: E De Luna

verbatimDateIdentified: 1992

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Ecuador

firstPoliticalUnit: Azuay

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: PROV. AZUAY: Area Nacional de Recreación "Cajas", forested hill S. of "Surrochucho" (Laguna Llaviuco), SW of Sayausí, 2°55'S., 79°09'W.

locality: Area Nacional de Recreación "Cajas", forested hill S. of "Surrochucho" (Laguna Llaviuco), SW of Sayausí, 2°55'S., 79°09'W.

habitat: Stone wall

verbatimElevation: 3240 m

verbatimCoordinates: 2°55'S., 79°09'W.

otherCatalogNumbers: 1065433

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 141
File: 0181_C2077563F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Leg. R. Benoist

collectedBy: R Benoist

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 4659 pp

verbatimEventDate: N/A

minimumEventDate: sd

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Hedwigia albicans (Web.) Lindb.

latestScientificName: Hedwigia ciliata (Hedw.) P. Beauv.

identifiedBy: Efrain De Luna

verbatimDateIdentified: 1992

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Equateur

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: environs de Quito

locality: environs de Quito

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2077563

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 142
File: 0182_C2077564F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Leg. R. Benoist

collectedBy: R Benoist

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 2279

verbatimEventDate: 27 mars 1930

minimumEventDate: 1930-03-27

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Hedwigia albicans (Web.) Lindb.

latestScientificName: Hedwigia ciliata (Hedw.) P. Beauv.

identifiedBy: Efrain De Luna

verbatimDateIdentified: 1992

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Equateur

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Quito

verbatimLocality: Sur rocher d'andésite

locality: Sur rocher d'andésite

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1089455

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 143
File: 0183_C2077565F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: COLLECTED BY R. S. WILLIAMS, 1901-1902

collectedBy: R S Williams

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 2850

verbatimEventDate: April 30, 1902

minimumEventDate: 1902-04-30

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Hedwigia albicans (Web.) Lindb.

latestScientificName: Hedwigia ciliata (Hedw.) P. Beauv.

identifiedBy: Efrain De Luna

verbatimDateIdentified: 1992

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: near Pelichuco

locality: near Pelichuco

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: 3000 meters

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2077565

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 144
File: 0184_C2077566F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Marko Lewis

collectedBy: M Lewis

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 79-1237A

verbatimEventDate: 22 March 1979

minimumEventDate: 1979-03-22

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Hedwigia ciliata (Hedw.) P. Beauv.

latestScientificName: Hedwigia ciliata (Hedw.) P. Beauv.

identifiedBy: E De Luna

verbatimDateIdentified: 1992

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: La Paz

secondPoliticalUnit: Larecaja

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: DEPTO. LA PAZ, PROV. LARECAJA: Near large red outcrop 2 mi. from Sorata down Río Consata, 15° 41' S., 68° 43' W.

locality: Near large red outcrop 2 miles from Sorata down Río Consata, 15° 41' S., 68° 43' W.

habitat: Bromeliad habitat. Abundant on rock faces of exposed cliffs

verbatimElevation: 2630 m

verbatimCoordinates: 15° 41' S., 68° 43' W.

otherCatalogNumbers: 2077566

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 145
File: 0185_C2077567F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Marko Lewis

collectedBy: M Lewis

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 79-1232

verbatimEventDate: 22 March 1979

minimumEventDate: 1979-03-22

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Hedwigia ciliata (Hedw.) P. Beauv.

latestScientificName: Hedwigia ciliata (Hedw.) P. Beauv.

identifiedBy: E De Luna

verbatimDateIdentified: 1992

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: La Paz

secondPoliticalUnit: Larecaja

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: DEPTO. LA PAZ, PROV. LARECAJA: Near large red outcrop 2 mi. from Sorata down Río Consata, 15° 41' S., 68° 43' W.

locality: Near large red outcrop 2 miles from Sorata down Río Consata

habitat: Bromeliad-grass habitat on exposed cliffs

verbatimElevation: 2630 m

verbatimCoordinates: 15° 41' S., 68° 43' W.

otherCatalogNumbers: 1032219

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 146
File: 0186_C2077568F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Marko Lewis

collectedBy: M Lewis

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 79-1114

verbatimEventDate: 6 March 1979

minimumEventDate: 1979-03-06

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Hedwigia ciliata (Hedw.) P. Beauv.

latestScientificName: Hedwigia ciliata (Hedw.) P. Beauv.

identifiedBy: E De Luna

verbatimDateIdentified: 1992

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: La Paz

secondPoliticalUnit: Saavedra

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: DEPTO. LA PAZ, PROV. SAAVEDRA: On mountain side directly N. of river, beneath Niño Karine, NNW of Chuma, 15° 08' S, 69° 03' W

locality: On mountain side directly N. of river, beneath Niño Karine, NNW of Chuma

habitat: Humid cliffs and steep slopes

verbatimElevation: 3320 m

verbatimCoordinates: 15° 08' S, 69° 03' W

otherCatalogNumbers: 2077568

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 147
File: 0187_C2077569F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: F. J. Hermann

collectedBy: F J Hermann

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 25152

verbatimEventDate: December 27, 1972

minimumEventDate: 1972-12-27

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Hedwigia ciliata (Hedw.) Beauv.

latestScientificName: Hedwigia ciliata (Hedw.) P. Beauv.

identifiedBy: E De Luna

verbatimDateIdentified: 1992

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: Cochabamba

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: On conglomerate boulder on shrubby NW slope of Mt. Tunari, near Liriuni Aguas Termales Hotel, alt. ca. 2700 m., 28 km. NW.

locality: On conglomerate boulder on shrubby NW slope of Mt. Tunari, near Liriuni Aguas Termales Hotel, 28 km. NW.

habitat: On conglomerate boulder on shrubby NW slope

verbatimElevation: ca. 2700 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1040675

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 148
File: 0188_C2077570F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 6204

verbatimEventDate: Dec. 2, 1931

minimumEventDate: 1931-12-02

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pilosium subchlorophyllosum C. Muell.

latestScientificName: Pilosium subchlorophyllosum C. Muell.

identifiedBy: Bartram

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Streamlet near mouth of Rio Santiago.

locality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Streamlet near mouth of Rio Santiago.

habitat: On fallen log.

verbatimElevation: 400 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1057692

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 149
File: 0189_C2077571F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 6204

verbatimEventDate: Dec. 2, 1931

minimumEventDate: 1931-12-02

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pilosium sube lorophyllosum C.M.

latestScientificName: Pilosium sube lorophyllosum C.M.

identifiedBy: Bartram

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Streamlet near mouth of Rio Santiago.

locality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Streamlet near mouth of Rio Santiago.

habitat: On fallen log

verbatimElevation: 400 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2077571

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 150
File: 0190_C2077572F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: A. C. SMITH

collectedBy: A C Smith

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 2748

verbatimEventDate: Dec. 15-24, 1937

minimumEventDate: 1937-12-15

maximumEventDate: 1937-12-24

verbatimIdentification: Pilosium flaccisetum C.M.

latestScientificName: Pilosium flaccisetum C.M.

identifiedBy: E B Bartram

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: British Guiana

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Basin of Essequibo River, near mouth of Onoro Creek, lat. about 1°35' N.; dense forest

locality: Basin of Essequibo River, near mouth of Onoro Creek, lat. about 1°35' N.; dense forest

habitat: On decayed wood, in swamp

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: lat. about 1°35' N

otherCatalogNumbers: 1023751

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 151
File: 0191_C2077573F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Leg. J. Florschütz-de Waard & R. Zielman

collectedBy: J Florschütz-de Waard

secondaryCollectors: R Zielman

recordNumber: 5315

verbatimEventDate: 5 - 11 - 1981

minimumEventDate: 1981-11-05

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pilosium chlorophyllum (Hornsch.) C.Müll.

latestScientificName: Pilosium chlorophyllum (Hornsch.) C.Müll.

identifiedBy: R Zielman

verbatimDateIdentified: 5-11-1981

associatedTaxa: Cecropia

country: Suriname

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: Nickerie

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: area of Kabalebo Dam project, distr. Nickerie, line NW from road km 39.5, p. 5N 58W qu.SE

locality: area of Kabalebo Dam project, distr. Nickerie, line NW from road km 39.5, p. 5N 58W qu.SE

habitat: Secondary wood with Cecropia (bospapaja) on rotting log

verbatimElevation: 0 - 50 m

verbatimCoordinates: 5N 58W qu.SE

otherCatalogNumbers: 2077573

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 152
File: 0192_C2077574F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J. Florschütz-de Waard & R. Zielman

collectedBy: J Florschütz-de Waard

secondaryCollectors: R Zielman

recordNumber: 5254

verbatimEventDate: 3-11-1981

minimumEventDate: 1981-11-03

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pilosium chlorophyllum (Hornsch.) C.Müll.

latestScientificName: Pilosium chlorophyllum (Hornsch.) C.Müll.

identifiedBy: R Zielman

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Suriname

firstPoliticalUnit: Nickerie

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Area of Kabalebo Dam project, distr. Nickerie, line NW from road km 39.5, p. 5N 53W qu. SE

locality: Area of Kabalebo Dam project, distr. Nickerie, line NW from road km 39.5, p. 5N 53W qu. SE

habitat: Savanna forest, on rotting log

verbatimElevation: 0 - 50 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2077574

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 153
File: 0193_C2077575F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J. Florschütz-de Waard & R. Zielman

collectedBy: J Florschütz-de Waard

secondaryCollectors: R Zielman

recordNumber: 5098

verbatimEventDate: 30-10-1981

minimumEventDate: 1981-10-30

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pilosium chlorophyllum (Hornsch.) C.Müll.

latestScientificName: Pilosium chlorophyllum (Hornsch.) C.Müll.

identifiedBy: R Zielman

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Suriname

firstPoliticalUnit: Nickerie

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Area of Kabalebo Dam project, distr. Nickerie, line W from road 34 km, p. 5N 58W qu. SE.

locality: Area of Kabalebo Dam project, distr. Nickerie, line W from road 34 km, p. 5N 58W qu. SE.

habitat: Rainforest, on rotting log.

verbatimElevation: 0 - 50 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2077575

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 154
File: 0194_C2077576F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Jacobs & A.M.C. Hetterscheid - Hollants

collectedBy: Jacobs

secondaryCollectors: A M C Hetterscheid-Hollants

recordNumber: 243 A

verbatimEventDate: 3-IX-1980

minimumEventDate: 1980-09-03

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pilosium chlorophyllum (Hornsch.) C.Müll.

latestScientificName: Pilosium chlorophyllum (Hornsch.) C.Müll.

identifiedBy: H R Zielman

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Suriname

firstPoliticalUnit: Nickerie

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Area of Kabalebo Dam project, distr. Nickerie, 4° 5' NB, 57° 30' 58° WL. Forset S of km 28.7

locality: Area of Kabalebo Dam project, distr. Nickerie, Forset S of km 28.7

habitat: Epiphyte on tree trunk

verbatimElevation: 30 - 130 m

verbatimCoordinates: 4° 5' NB, 57° 30' 58° WL

otherCatalogNumbers: 2077576

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 155
File: 0195_C2077577F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J. Florschütz-de Waard and R. Zielman

collectedBy: J Florschütz-de Waard

secondaryCollectors: R Zielman

recordNumber: 5141

verbatimEventDate: 31 October 1981

minimumEventDate: 1981-10-31

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: PILOSIUM CHLOROPHYLLUM (Hornsch.) C. Müll.

latestScientificName: PILOSIUM CHLOROPHYLLUM (Hornsch.) C. Müll.

identifiedBy: R Zielman

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: Astrocaryum

country: Suriname

firstPoliticalUnit: Nickerie

secondPoliticalUnit: Kabalebo river area

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Distr. Nickerie, Kabalebo river area, line W. from road km 34, 5°N., 58°W., alt. 0-50 m.

locality: Distr. Nickerie, Kabalebo river area, line W. from road km 34, 5°N., 58°W.

habitat: On decaying log in marsh forest with Astrocaryum

verbatimElevation: 0-50 m

verbatimCoordinates: 5°N., 58°W.

otherCatalogNumbers: 2077577

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 156
File: 0196_C2077578F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J. and P.A. Florschütz

collectedBy: J Florschütz

secondaryCollectors: P A Florschütz

recordNumber: 4690

verbatimEventDate: 18 December 1975

minimumEventDate: 1975-12-18

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: PILOSIUM CHLOROPHYLLUM (Hornsch.) C. Muell.

latestScientificName: PILOSIUM CHLOROPHYLLUM (Hornsch.) C. Muell.

identifiedBy: R Zielman and J Florschütz-de Waard

verbatimDateIdentified: 1986

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Suriname

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: Brownsberg

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Brownsberg, trail to Leo Val, alt. ca. 500 m

locality: Brownsberg, trail to Leo Val

habitat: On rotting log in rainforest

verbatimElevation: ca. 500 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2077578

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 157
File: 0197_C2077579F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: H. Cornelissen & S.R. Gradstein C076

collectedBy: H Cornelissen

secondaryCollectors: S R Gradstein

recordNumber: C076

verbatimEventDate: 8 March 1977

minimumEventDate: 1977-03-08

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pilosium chlorophyllum (Hornsch.) C. Müll.

latestScientificName: Pilosium chlorophyllum (Hornsch.) C. Müll.

identifiedBy: J Florschütz-de Waard

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Guyana

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Mabura Hill, 180 km S of Georgetown, 5°20'N 58°40'W, alt. 0-50 m

locality: Mabura Hill, 180 kilometers S of Georgetown

habitat: On rotting tree base in mixed rain forest

verbatimElevation: 0-50 m

verbatimCoordinates: 5°20'N 58°40'W

otherCatalogNumbers: 1091586

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 158
File: 0198_C2077580F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: R. Spruce

collectedBy: R Spruce

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 321

verbatimEventDate: s.d.

minimumEventDate: sd

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Stereophyllum chlorophyllum. Hornach

latestScientificName: Pilosium chlorophyllum (Hornsch.) C. Müll. in Broth.

identifiedBy: R R Ireland | W R Buck

verbatimDateIdentified: 1992

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brazil

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Fl. Amazon prope Para

locality: Fl. Amazon prope Para

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1078188

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 159
File: 0199_C2077581F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Richard Evans Schultes et Isidoro Cabrera

collectedBy: R E Schultes

secondaryCollectors: I Cabrera

recordNumber: 17922

verbatimEventDate: Oct. 22, 1952

minimumEventDate: 1952-10-22

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pilosium chlorophyllum (Hornsch.) Jaeg.

latestScientificName: Pilosium chlorophyllum (Hornsch.) Jaeg.

identifiedBy: H A Crum

verbatimDateIdentified: 1956

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Colombia

firstPoliticalUnit: Vaupés

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Mitú

verbatimLocality: Río Vaupés: Mitú and vicinity. Cerro Mitú

locality: Río Vaupés: Mitú and vicinity. Cerro Mitú

habitat: On rotten log

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: Lat. 1° 0' N, Long. 70° 5' W

otherCatalogNumbers: 1055492

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 160
File: 0200_C2077582F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Richard Evans Schultes et Isidoro Cabrera

collectedBy: R E Schultes

secondaryCollectors: I Cabrera

recordNumber: 14294

verbatimEventDate: October 4-6, 1951

minimumEventDate: 1951-10-04

maximumEventDate: 1951-10-06

verbatimIdentification: Pilosium chlorophyllum (Hornsch.) C. M.

latestScientificName: Pilosium chlorophyllum (Hornsch.) C. M.

identifiedBy: H A Crum

verbatimDateIdentified: 1956

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Colombia

firstPoliticalUnit: Vaupés

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Rio Kuduyari (affluent of Río Vaupés), Yapobodá, quartzitie savannah

locality: Rio Kuduyari (affluent of Río Vaupés), Yapobodá, quartzitie savannah

habitat: On rotten logs

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1055491

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 161
File: 0201_C2077583F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Legit: RICHARD EVANS SCHULTES

collectedBy: R E Schultes

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 12309

verbatimEventDate: June 1951

minimumEventDate: 1951-06-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: PILOSIUM CHLOROPHYLLUM (HORNSCH.) C.M. in BROTH.

latestScientificName: Pilosium chlorophyllum (Hornsch.) C.M. in Broth.

identifiedBy: D Griffin III

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Colombia

firstPoliticalUnit: Vaupés

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Comisaría del Vaupés, Rio Apaporis. Sovatama.

locality: Comisaría del Vaupés, Rio Apaporis. Sovatama.

habitat: On trunks

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1055490

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 162
File: 0202_C2077584F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: RICHARD EVANS SCHULTES

collectedBy: R E Schultes

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 11128

verbatimEventDate: Dec. 1950

minimumEventDate: 1950-12-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pilosium chlorophyllum (Hnsch.) C.M. in Broth.

latestScientificName: Pilosium chlorophyllum (Hnsch.) C.M. in Broth.

identifiedBy: D Griffin III

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Colombia

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: San Jose del Guaviare

locality: San Jose del Guaviare

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1055489

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 163
File: 0203_C2077585F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia, No. 6014a

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 6014a

verbatimEventDate: Aug. 31, 1931

minimumEventDate: 1931-08-31

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pilosum chlorophyllum (Hsch.) C.M.

latestScientificName: Pilosum chlorophyllum (Hsch.) C.M.

identifiedBy: Bartram

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brazil

firstPoliticalUnit: Pará

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Thomé Assú; down Rio Acará 3 km. Districto Acará

locality: Thomé Assú; down Rio Acará 3 kilometers Districto Acará

habitat: On fallen log

verbatimElevation: 35 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2077585

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 164
File: 0204_C2077586F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 5914

verbatimEventDate: July 16, 1931

minimumEventDate: 1931-07-16

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pilosium Chlorophyllosum (Hsch.) C.M.

latestScientificName: Pilosium Chlorophyllosum (Hsch.) C.M.

identifiedBy: Bartram

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brazil

firstPoliticalUnit: Pará

secondPoliticalUnit: Districto Acará

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Thomé Assú. Japanese Colony

locality: Thomé Assú. Japanese Colony

habitat: On rotting log in woods. Abundant

verbatimElevation: about 30 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 870829

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 165
File: 0205_C2078862F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: leg. Dana Griffin, III Manuel López F.

collectedBy: D Griffin III

secondaryCollectors: M López F.

recordNumber: PV-1525

verbatimEventDate: 14 marzo 1985

minimumEventDate: 1985-03-14

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Brachythecium plumosum (Hedw.) BSG

latestScientificName: Brachythecium plumosum (Hedw.) BSG

identifiedBy: D Griffin III

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: Espeletia schultzii

country: Venezuela

firstPoliticalUnit: Trujillo

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Las Piedras

verbatimLocality: páramo de Guirigay, arriba del pueblo de Las Piedras. Entre el río Burate y Peñas Blancas, con Espeletia schultzii

locality: páramo de Guirigay, arriba del pueblo de Las Piedras. Entre el río Burate y Peñas Blancas, con Espeletia schultzii

habitat: Sobre roca húmeda, lecho de riachuelo, a sol

verbatimElevation: 3.200 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2078862

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 166
File: 0206_C2078913F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: P. Dusén 5872

collectedBy: P Dusén

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 5872

verbatimEventDate: 22 February 1897

minimumEventDate: 1897-02-22

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Brachythecium albicans (Hedw.) Schimp.

latestScientificName: Brachythecium albicans (Hedw.) Schimp.

identifiedBy: W R Buck

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Chile

firstPoliticalUnit: Patagonia occident.

secondPoliticalUnit: Cerra Colorado

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Patagonia occident., Cerra Colorado

locality: Patagonia occident., Cerra Colorado

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1136354

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 167
File: 0207_C2078924F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 8001

verbatimEventDate: April 10, 1936

minimumEventDate: 1936-04-10

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Brachythecium subpilosum (H.f. & W.) Jaeg.

latestScientificName: Brachythecium austro-glareosum (C. Muell.) Kindb.

identifiedBy: K D McFarland

verbatimDateIdentified: Sept 1987

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Chile

firstPoliticalUnit: Territorio Magellanes

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Last Hope Inlet; Peninsula Antonio Varas; openings in Nothofagus wood in

locality: Last Hope Inlet; Peninsula Antonio Varas; openings in Nothofagus wood in

habitat: moist earth. Common; scattered in small tufts

verbatimElevation: 25 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1036758

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 168
File: 0208_C2078925F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Marko Lewis

collectedBy: M Lewis

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 79-2108

verbatimEventDate: 25 May 1979

minimumEventDate: 1979-05-25

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Brachythecium calliergonoides Broth. in Herz.

latestScientificName: Brachythecium calliergonoides Broth. in Herz.

identifiedBy: R Ochyra

verbatimDateIdentified: 1982

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: Oruro

secondPoliticalUnit: Sajama

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Río Junthuma Khuchu, 2 mi. down river from Aguas termales de Río Junthuma Khuchu, 18° 07' S., 69° 00' W.

locality: Río Junthuma Khuchu, 2 miles down river from Aguas termales de Río Junthuma Khuchu, 18° 07' S., 69° 00' W.

habitat: In warmish creek

verbatimElevation: 4350 m

verbatimCoordinates: 18° 07' S., 69° 00' W.

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 169
File: 0209_C2078926F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Marko Lewis

collectedBy: M Lewis

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 79-2109

verbatimEventDate: 25 May 1979

minimumEventDate: 1979-05-25

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Brachythecium calliergonoides Broth. in Herz.

latestScientificName: Brachythecium calliergonoides Broth. in Herz.

identifiedBy: R Ochyra

verbatimDateIdentified: 1982

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: Oruro

secondPoliticalUnit: Sajama

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: DEPTO. ORURO, PROV. SAJAMA: Río Junthuma Khuchu, 2 mi. down river from Aguas termales de Río Junthuma Khuchu, 4350 m., 18° 07' S., 69° 00' W.

locality: Río Junthuma Khuchu, 2 miles down river from Aguas termales de Río Junthuma Khuchu

habitat: In warmish creek

verbatimElevation: 4350 m

verbatimCoordinates: 18° 07' S., 69° 00' W

otherCatalogNumbers: 2078926

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 170
File: 0210_C2078927F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Marko Lewis

collectedBy: M Lewis

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 79-2112

verbatimEventDate: 25 May 1979

minimumEventDate: 1979-05-25

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Brachythecium calliergonoides Broth. in Herz.

latestScientificName: Brachythecium calliergonoides Broth. in Herz.

identifiedBy: R Ochyra

verbatimDateIdentified: 1982

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: Oruro

secondPoliticalUnit: Sajama

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Río Junthuma Khuchu, 2 mi. down river from Aguas termales de Río Junthuma Khuchu, 4350 m., 18° 07' S., 69° 00' W.

locality: Río Junthuma Khuchu, 2 miles down river from Aguas termales de Río Junthuma Khuchu

habitat: In warmish creek

verbatimElevation: 4350 m

verbatimCoordinates: 18° 07' S., 69° 00' W.

otherCatalogNumbers: 2078927

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 171
File: 0211_C2078928F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Marko Lewis

collectedBy: M Lewis

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 79-2115

verbatimEventDate: 25 May 1979

minimumEventDate: 1979-05-25

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Brachythecium calliergonoides Broth. in Herz.

latestScientificName: Brachythecium calliergonoides Broth. in Herz.

identifiedBy: R Ochyra

verbatimDateIdentified: 1982

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: Oruro

secondPoliticalUnit: Sajama

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Río Junthuma Khuchu, 2 mi. down river from Aguas termales de Río Junthuma Khuchu, 18° 07' S., 69° 00' W.

locality: Río Junthuma Khuchu, 2 miles down river from Aguas termales de Río Junthuma Khuchu

habitat: In warmish creek

verbatimElevation: 4350 m

verbatimCoordinates: 18° 07' S., 69° 00' W.

otherCatalogNumbers: 1049409

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 172
File: 0212_C2078929F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Marko Lewis

collectedBy: M Lewis

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 79-2117

verbatimEventDate: 25 May 1979

minimumEventDate: 1979-05-25

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Brachythecium calliergonoides Broth. in Herz.

latestScientificName: Brachythecium calliergonoides Broth. in Herz.

identifiedBy: R Ochyra

verbatimDateIdentified: 1982

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: Oruro

secondPoliticalUnit: Sajama

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: DEPTO. ORURO, PROV. SAJAMA: Río Junthuma Khuchu, 2 mi. down river from Aguas termales de Río Junthuma Khuchu, 18° 07' S., 69° 00' W.

locality: DEPTO. ORURO, PROV. SAJAMA: Río Junthuma Khuchu, 2 miles down river from Aguas termales de Río Junthuma Khuchu, 18° 07' S., 69° 00' W.

habitat: In warmish creek

verbatimElevation: 4350 m

verbatimCoordinates: 18° 07' S., 69° 00' W.

otherCatalogNumbers: 2078929

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 173
File: 0213_C2078930F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Marko Lewis

collectedBy: M Lewis

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 79-2118

verbatimEventDate: 25 May 1979

minimumEventDate: 1979-05-25

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Brachythecium calliergonoides Broth. in Herz.

latestScientificName: Brachythecium calliergonoides Broth. in Herz.

identifiedBy: R Ochyra

verbatimDateIdentified: 1982

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: Oruro

secondPoliticalUnit: Sajama

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Río Junthuma Khuchu, 2 mi. down river from Aguas termales de Río Junthuma Khuchu, 18° 07' S, 69° 00' W

locality: Río Junthuma Khuchu, 2 miles down river from Aguas termales de Río Junthuma Khuchu

habitat: In warmish creek

verbatimElevation: 4350 m

verbatimCoordinates: 18° 07' S, 69° 00' W

otherCatalogNumbers: 1049411

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 174
File: 0214_C2078931F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Marko Lewis

collectedBy: M Lewis

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 79-2107

verbatimEventDate: 25 May 1979

minimumEventDate: 1979-05-25

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Brachythecium calliergonoides Broth. in Herz.

latestScientificName: Brachythecium calliergonoides Broth. in Herz.

identifiedBy: R Ochyra

verbatimDateIdentified: 1982

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: Oruro

secondPoliticalUnit: Sajama

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: DEPTO. ORURO, PROV. SAJAMA: Río Junthuma Khuchu, 2 mi. down river from Aguas termales de Río Junthuma Khuchu, 18° 07' S., 69° 00' W.

locality: Río Junthuma Khuchu, 2 miles down river from Aguas termales de Río Junthuma Khuchu

habitat: In warmish creek

verbatimElevation: 4350 m

verbatimCoordinates: 18° 07' S., 69° 00' W

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 175
File: 0215_C2078932F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Marko Lewis

collectedBy: M Lewis

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 79-2119

verbatimEventDate: 25 May 1979

minimumEventDate: 1979-05-25

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Brachythecium calliergonoides Broth. in Herz.

latestScientificName: Brachythecium calliergonoides Broth. in Herz.

identifiedBy: R Ochyra

verbatimDateIdentified: 1982

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: Oruro

secondPoliticalUnit: Sajama

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: DEPTO. ORURO, PROV. SAJAMA: Río Junthuma Khuchu, 2 mi. down river from Aguas termales de Río Junthuma Khuchu, 18° 07' S, 69° 00' W

locality: DEPTO. ORURO, PROV. SAJAMA: Río Junthuma Khuchu, 2 miles down river from Aguas termales de Río Junthuma Khuchu, 18° 07' S, 69° 00' W

habitat: In warmish creek

verbatimElevation: 4350 m

verbatimCoordinates: 18° 07' S, 69° 00' W

otherCatalogNumbers: 2078932

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 176
File: 0216_C2079350F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia, No. 6149

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 6149

verbatimEventDate: Nov. 23, 1931

minimumEventDate: 1931-11-23

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Vesicularia amphibola (Spr.) Broth.

latestScientificName: Vesicularia amphibola (Spr.) Broth.

identifiedBy: Bartram

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Left bank of Rio Santiago.

locality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Left bank of Rio Santiago.

habitat: On stone in overflow forest

verbatimElevation: 200 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 873368

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 177
File: 0217_C2079351F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 6160-a

verbatimEventDate: Nov. 25, 1931

minimumEventDate: 1931-11-25

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Vesicularia amphibola (Spr.) Broth.

latestScientificName: Vesicularia amphibola (Spr.) Broth.

identifiedBy: Bartram

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Right bank of Rio Santiago.

locality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Right bank of Rio Santiago.

habitat: Dense forest on log

verbatimElevation: 200 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 873367

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 178
File: 0218_C2079352F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 6217-a

verbatimEventDate: Dec. 4, 1931

minimumEventDate: 1931-12-04

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Vesicularia amphibola (Spr.) Broth.

latestScientificName: Vesicularia amphibola (Spr.) Broth.

identifiedBy: Bartram

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Streamlet on right bank of Rio Santiago.

locality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Streamlet on right bank of Rio Santiago.

habitat: On rocks wet by spray

verbatimElevation: 250 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 870879

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 179
File: 0219_C2079353F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 6259-a

verbatimEventDate: Dec. 12, 1931

minimumEventDate: 1931-12-12

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Vesicularia amphibola (Spr.) Broth.

latestScientificName: Vesicularia amphibola (Spr.) Broth.

identifiedBy: Bartram

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Creek Carapisa.

locality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Creek Carapisa.

habitat: Log in forest

verbatimElevation: 215 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 870867

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 180
File: 0220_C2079354F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 6354-a

verbatimEventDate: Jan. 3, 1932

minimumEventDate: 1932-01-03

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Vesicularia amphibola (Spr.) Broth.

latestScientificName: Vesicularia amphibola (Spr.) Broth.

identifiedBy: Bartram

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Creek Inche

locality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Creek Inche

habitat: On earth collected on inclined tree trunk

verbatimElevation: 215 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 873369

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 181
File: 0221_C2079355F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 6375a

verbatimEventDate: Jan. 3, 1932

minimumEventDate: 1932-01-03

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Vesicularia amphibola (Spr.) Broth.

latestScientificName: Vesicularia amphibola (Spr.) Broth.

identifiedBy: Bartram

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: Taxithelium planum (Brid.) Mitt.

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Creek Inche.

locality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Creek Inche.

habitat: On rotten log. Sterile.

verbatimElevation: 215 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2079355

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 182
File: 0222_C2079356F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 6375-a

verbatimEventDate: Jan. 3, 1939

minimumEventDate: 1939-01-03

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Vesicularis amphibola (Spr.) Broth. det. Bartram

latestScientificName: Vesicularis amphibola (Spr.) Broth.

identifiedBy: Bartram

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: Taxithelium planum (Brid.) Mitt.

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Creek Inche

locality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Creek Inche

habitat: On rotten log. Sterile

verbatimElevation: 215 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 870880

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 183
File: 0223_C2079357F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 6377

verbatimEventDate: Jan. 3, 1932

minimumEventDate: 1932-01-03

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Vesicularia amphibola (Spr.) Broth.

latestScientificName: Vesicularia amphibola (Spr.) Broth.

identifiedBy: Bartram

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Loreto

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Creek Inche.

locality: Above Pongo de Manseriche. Creek Inche.

habitat: On rotten log

verbatimElevation: 215 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 870873

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 184
File: 0224_C2079358F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 8070

verbatimEventDate: May 14, 1936

minimumEventDate: 1936-05-14

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Vesicularia amphibola (Spr.) Broth.

latestScientificName: Vesicularia amphibola (Spr.) Broth.

identifiedBy: Bartram

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Cuzco

secondPoliticalUnit: La Convencion

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: upper valley of the Sambray; affluent of the Vilcanota; on rotten logs in virgin forest

locality: upper valley of the Sambray; affluent of the Vilcanota; on rotten logs in virgin forest

habitat: on rotten logs in virgin forest

verbatimElevation: 1800 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1036318

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 185
File: 0225_C2079359F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 8070

verbatimEventDate: May 14, 1936

minimumEventDate: 1936-05-14

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Vesicularia amphibola (Spr.) Froth. in mixture

latestScientificName: Vesicularia amphibola (Spr.) Froth.

identifiedBy: Bartram

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Cuzco

secondPoliticalUnit: La Convencion

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: upper valley of the Sambray; affluent of the Vilcanota

locality: upper valley of the Sambray; affluent of the Vilcanota; on rotten logs in virgin forest

habitat: on rotten logs in virgin forest

verbatimElevation: 1800 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1039122

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 186
File: 0226_C2079360F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: R. Reitz

collectedBy: R Reitz

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 2.222

verbatimEventDate: 20.9.1949

minimumEventDate: 1949-09-20

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Vesicularia vesicularis (Schwaegr.) Broth.

latestScientificName: Vesicularia vesicularis (Schwaegr.) Broth.

identifiedBy: Bartram

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brasil

firstPoliticalUnit: Santa Catarina

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Brusque

verbatimLocality: Azambuja, Brusque

locality: Azambuja, Brusque

habitat: Epífito, da mata virgem

verbatimElevation: 50 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 187
File: 0227_C2079361F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: F. J. Hermann 25019

collectedBy: F J Hermann

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 25019

verbatimEventDate: December 19, 1972

minimumEventDate: 1972-12-19

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Vesicularia vesicularis (Schwaegr.) Broth.

latestScientificName: Vesicularia vesicularis (Schwaegr.) Broth

identifiedBy: H Robinson

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Colombia

firstPoliticalUnit: Santander

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: On base of tree trunk, Paraguitas, alt. ca. 4000 ft., 1/4 mile NW. FLORIDA

locality: On base of tree trunk, Paraguitas, 1/4 mile NW. FLORIDA

habitat: On base of tree trunk

verbatimElevation: ca. 4000 ft

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1039101

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 188
File: 0228_C2079362F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Legit: RICHARD EVANS SCHULTES

collectedBy: R E Schultes

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 11107

verbatimEventDate: Dec., 1950

minimumEventDate: 1950-12-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Vesicularia vesicularis (Schwgr.) Brot

latestScientificName: Vesicularia vesicularis (Schwgr.) Brot

identifiedBy: D Griffin III

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Colombia

firstPoliticalUnit: Intendencia del Meta

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: alrededores de Villavicencio

locality: alrededores de Villavicencio

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: 500 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1055509

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 189
File: 0229_C2079715F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: leg. J.-P. Frahm, P. Geissler, S.R. Gradstein, G. Philippi, W. Schultze-Motel

collectedBy: J-P Frahm

secondaryCollectors: P Geissler | S R Gradstein | G Philippi | W Schultze-Motel

recordNumber: 875

verbatimEventDate: 4.9.1982

minimumEventDate: 1982-09-04

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Entodon jamesonii (Tayl.) Mitt.

latestScientificName: Entodon jamesonii (Tayl.) Mitt.

identifiedBy: W Schultze-Motel

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Amazonas

secondPoliticalUnit: Chachapoyas

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Straße Chachapoyas-Cajamarca oberhalb Leimebamba km 417, s-exponierter Hang, hochandiner Regenwald auf Kalkstein

locality: Straße Chachapoyas-Cajamarca oberhalb Leimebamba km 417, s-exponierter Hang, hochandiner Regenwald auf Kalkstein

habitat: hochandiner Regenwald auf Kalkstein

verbatimElevation: 2800 msm

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1044230

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 190
File: 0230_C2079716F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: PAUL C. HUTCHISON J. KENNETH WRIGHT

collectedBy: P C Hutchison

secondaryCollectors: J K Wright

recordNumber: 4806

verbatimEventDate: 1 April 1964

minimumEventDate: 1964-04-01

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Entodon jamesoni (Tayl.) Mitt. dupl. det. H. Robinson, 1966

latestScientificName: Entodon jamesoni (Tayl.) Mitt.

identifiedBy: H Robinson

verbatimDateIdentified: 1966

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: Amazonas

secondPoliticalUnit: Chachapoyas

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Cerros Calla Calla, east side, 5 km. above Leimebamba on the road to Balsas, at San Miguel (no buildings at this locality)

locality: Cerros Calla Calla, east side, 5 kilometers above Leimebamba on the road to Balsas, at San Miguel (no buildings at this locality)

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: 2400 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1012181

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 191
File: 0231_C2079717F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: leg. Dana Griffin, III

collectedBy: D Griffin

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: PV-966

verbatimEventDate: 20 febr. 1985

minimumEventDate: 1985-02-20

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Entodon jamesoni (tayl.) Broth.

latestScientificName: Entodon jamesoni (tayl.) Broth.

identifiedBy: D Griffin III

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Venezuela

firstPoliticalUnit: Merida

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: ESTADO MERIDA: páramo de Los Granates, finca de Los Granates, a lo largo del río de Los Granates y en las lomas cercanas

locality: páramo de Los Granates, finca de Los Granates, a lo largo del río de Los Granates y en las lomas cercanas

habitat: Sobre roca seca, a sombra

verbatimElevation: 3.000-3.100 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1064416

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 192
File: 0232_C2079718F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia, No. 5687

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 5687

verbatimEventDate: April 21, 1931

minimumEventDate: 1931-04-21

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Entodon Lindbergii Hpe.

latestScientificName: Entodon Lindbergii Hpe.

identifiedBy: Bartram

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brazil

firstPoliticalUnit: Minas Geraes

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Corinto

verbatimLocality: Fazenda do Diamante. Campo Tiririca

locality: Fazenda do Diamante. Campo Tiririca

habitat: Base of living tree in shade

verbatimElevation: 590 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 870818

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 193
File: 0233_C2079719F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: R. Spruce

collectedBy: R Spruce

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 1023

verbatimEventDate: s.d.

minimumEventDate: sd

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Entodon longisetus Hook.

latestScientificName: Entodon longisetus Hook.

identifiedBy: W Mitten

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Ecuador

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Baños

verbatimLocality: Andes Quitenses. Baños

locality: Andes Quitenses. Baños

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1078203

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 194
File: 0234_C2079720F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Marko Lewis

collectedBy: M Lewis

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 79-590

verbatimEventDate: 8 February 1979

minimumEventDate: 1979-02-08

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Entodon cf. nano-climacium C.M. (= E. micans Herz.)

latestScientificName: Entodon cf. nano-climacium C.M.

identifiedBy: W Buck

verbatimDateIdentified: 1980

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: Tarija

secondPoliticalUnit: Mendez/Cercado/Aviles

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: DEPTO. TARIJA, PROV. MÉNDEZ/PROV. CERCADO/PROV. AVILÉS: Canyon 5 mi. SW of Tablada, SW of Tarija, 21° 36' S., 64° 48' W.

locality: Canyon 5 miles SW of Tablada, SW of Tarija, 21° 36' S., 64° 48' W.

habitat: Bank of creek

verbatimElevation: 2160 m

verbatimCoordinates: 21° 36' S., 64° 48' W.

otherCatalogNumbers: 1078763

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 195
File: 0235_C2079721F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Marko Lewis, no. 79-1220

collectedBy: M Lewis

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 79-1220

verbatimEventDate: 22 March 1979

minimumEventDate: 1979-03-22

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Entodon nano-climacium C.M. (= E. micans Herz.)

latestScientificName: Entodon nano-climacium C.M.

identifiedBy: W Buck

verbatimDateIdentified: 1980

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: La Paz

secondPoliticalUnit: Larecaja

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: DEPTO. LA PAZ, PROV. LARECAJA: Near large red outcrop 2 mi. from Sorata down Río Consata, 15° 41' S., 68° 43' W.

locality: Near large red outcrop 2 miles from Sorata down Río Consata, 15° 41' S., 68° 43' W.

habitat: Very shady ground along creek in humid shrubs.

verbatimElevation: 2600 m

verbatimCoordinates: 15° 41' S., 68° 43' W.

otherCatalogNumbers: 2079721

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 196
File: 0236_C2079722F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: COLLECTED BY HARRY WARD FOOTE

collectedBy: H W Foote

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: Sept. 3

minimumEventDate: 1911-09-03

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Entodon platygyrioides C. Müll.

latestScientificName: Entodon platygyrioides C. Müll.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: On rocks above San Miguel, 6000 ft.

locality: On rocks above San Miguel, 6000 feet

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: 6000 ft.

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 197
File: 0237_C2079723F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Marko Lewis

collectedBy: M Lewis

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 79-1346

verbatimEventDate: 1 April 1979

minimumEventDate: 1979-04-01

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: cf. Entodon polycarpus

latestScientificName: cf. Entodon polycarpus

identifiedBy: W Buck

verbatimDateIdentified: 1980

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: La Paz

secondPoliticalUnit: Larecaja

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: DEPTO. LA PAZ, PROV. LARECAJA: Between Abra Huallata and waterfall at Millipaya, 15° 51' S., 68° 39' W

locality: Between Abra Huallata and waterfall at Millipaya

habitat: Waterfall ravine, highest extension of shrubs

verbatimElevation: 3780 m

verbatimCoordinates: 15° 51' S., 68° 39' W

otherCatalogNumbers: 1046746

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 198
File: 0238_C2079595F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: H. Roivainen

collectedBy: H Roivainen

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 2095

verbatimEventDate: 25.1.1970

minimumEventDate: 1970-01-25

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Isopterygium pulchellum (Hedw.) Jaeg.

latestScientificName: Isopterygium pulchellum (Hedw.) Jaeg.

identifiedBy: R Ochyra

verbatimDateIdentified: 1996

associatedTaxa: Nothofagus pumilio

country: Argentina

firstPoliticalUnit: Tierra del Fuego australis

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Ushuaia

verbatimLocality: Arroyo Grande (54°47'S, 68°17′W), en fisuras de roca y en raíces humoso-arcillosos de Nothofagus pumilio, en orilla de la cascada, 150 m s.m., bastante copiosamente

locality: Arroyo Grande (54°47'S, 68°17′W), en fisuras de roca y en raíces humoso-arcillosos de Nothofagus pumilio, en orilla de la cascada, 150 meters s.m., bastante copiosamente

habitat: en fisuras de roca y en raíces humoso-arcillosos de Nothofagus pumilio, en orilla de la cascada, bastante copiosamente

verbatimElevation: 150 m s.m.

verbatimCoordinates: 54°47'S, 68°17′W

otherCatalogNumbers: 1182417

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 199
File: 0239_C2079596F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: H. Roivainen

collectedBy: H Roivainen

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 1352

verbatimEventDate: 24.12.1969

minimumEventDate: 1969-12-24

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Isopterygium pulchellum (Brid.) Jaeg.

latestScientificName: Isopterygium pulchellum (Brid.) Jaeg.

identifiedBy: R Ochyra

verbatimDateIdentified: 1996

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Argentina

firstPoliticalUnit: Tierra del Fuego australis

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Ushuaia

verbatimLocality: Valle del Río Pipo (54°46'S, 68°20'W), suelo humoso húmedo en el pendiente del río, 300 m s.m., bastante copiosamente

locality: Valle del Río Pipo, suelo humoso húmedo en el pendiente del río, bastante copiosamente

habitat: suelo humoso húmedo en el pendiente del río

verbatimElevation: 300 m s.m.

verbatimCoordinates: 54°46'S, 68°20'W

otherCatalogNumbers: 1182415

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 200
File: 0240_C2079597F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: leg. E. P. Killip & A. C. Smith

collectedBy: E P Killip

secondaryCollectors: A C Smith

recordNumber: 14871

verbatimEventDate: November 29, 1926

minimumEventDate: 1926-11-29

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Isopterygium stigmocarpum (C.M.) Par.

latestScientificName: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

identifiedBy: R R Ireland

verbatimDateIdentified: 1988

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Colombia

firstPoliticalUnit: Santander

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: between Puerto Wilches and Puerto Santos, alt. 110-115 m.

locality: between Puerto Wilches and Puerto Santos

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: 110-115 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 201
File: 0241_C2079598F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Legit Richard Evans Schultes

collectedBy: R E Schultes

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 11110

verbatimEventDate: Dec., 1950

minimumEventDate: 1950-12-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

latestScientificName: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

identifiedBy: D Griffin III

verbatimDateIdentified: 1988

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Colombia

firstPoliticalUnit: Meta

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Villavicencio

verbatimLocality: Intendencia del Meta: alrededores de Villavicencio

locality: Intendencia del Meta: alrededores de Villavicencio

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: 500 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1055473

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 202
File: 0242_C2079599F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: D.C. Ceijskes

collectedBy: D C Ceijskes

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 29-9-1952

minimumEventDate: 1952-09-29

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

latestScientificName: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

identifiedBy: H R Zielman

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Suriname

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Harowine River; Armina falls

locality: Harowine River; Armina falls

habitat: Rainforest On roots and rocks on bank of river, shade

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1073518

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 203
File: 0243_C2079600F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 4841

verbatimEventDate: July 6, 1930

minimumEventDate: 1930-07-06

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Isopterygium brachyneuron (C.M.) Mitt. exp. det. Bartram

latestScientificName: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

identifiedBy: R R Ireland

verbatimDateIdentified: 1988

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brazil

firstPoliticalUnit: Minas Gerais

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Vicosa

verbatimLocality: Agricultural College land. Horticultural Hill. Cut over woods near base.

locality: Agricultural College land. Horticultural Hill. Cut over woods near base.

habitat: On rotting log. Abundant.

verbatimElevation: 670 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1039979

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 204
File: 0244_C2079601F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia, No. 4888

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 4888

verbatimEventDate: July 21, 1930

minimumEventDate: 1930-07-21

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Isopterygium laxum (Hpe.) Broth.

latestScientificName: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

identifiedBy: R R Ireland

verbatimDateIdentified: 1988

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brazil

firstPoliticalUnit: Minas Gerais

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Viçosa

verbatimLocality: Viçosa Agricultural College lands. Corriga Riberro. Shady streambank.

locality: Viçosa Agricultural College lands. Corriga Riberro. Shady streambank.

habitat: On rotten wood

verbatimElevation: 675 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 873365

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 205
File: 0245_C2079602F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 5386

verbatimEventDate: Dec. 6, 1930

minimumEventDate: 1930-12-06

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Isopterygium brachyneuron (Schw.) Mitt.

latestScientificName: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

identifiedBy: R R Ireland

verbatimDateIdentified: 1988

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brazil

firstPoliticalUnit: Minas Gerais

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Viçosa

verbatimLocality: Road to São Miguel. About 1 km. Dense forest. On rotten log. In fruit.

locality: Road to São Miguel. About 1 km. Dense forest. On rotten log. In fruit.

habitat: Dense forest. On rotten log. In fruit.

verbatimElevation: 710 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 870841

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 206
File: 0246_C2079603F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 5441

verbatimEventDate: Dec. 23, 1930

minimumEventDate: 1930-12-23

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

latestScientificName: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

identifiedBy: R R Ireland

verbatimDateIdentified: 1988

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brazil

firstPoliticalUnit: Minas Gerais

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Viçosa

verbatimLocality: Viçosa Agricultural College lands. Base of Horticultural Hill.

locality: Viçosa Agricultural College lands. Base of Horticultural Hill.

habitat: On rotting log, in woods. Abundant.

verbatimElevation: 670 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2079603

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 207
File: 0247_C2079604F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: H. S. Irwin, R. M. Harley, G. L. Smith

collectedBy: H S Irwin

secondaryCollectors: R M Harley | G L Smith

recordNumber: 31332

verbatimEventDate: 2 March 1971

minimumEventDate: 1971-03-02

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

latestScientificName: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

identifiedBy: R R Ireland

verbatimDateIdentified: 1988

associatedTaxa: Coccoloba sp.

country: Brazil

firstPoliticalUnit: Bahia

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Barreiras

verbatimLocality: Valley of the Rio das Ondas, ca. 10 km W. of Barreiras

locality: Valley of the Rio das Ondas, ca. 10 kilometers West of Barreiras

habitat: On the bark and exposed roots of Coccoloba sp, and on adjacent soil, at river bank. Cut-over gallery forest and adjacent cerrado

verbatimElevation: ca. 500 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1059328

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 208
File: 0248_C2079606F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 4884

verbatimEventDate: July 21, 192

minimumEventDate: 1920-07-21

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Isopterygium curvicollum (C.M.) Mitt.

latestScientificName: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

identifiedBy: R R Ireland

verbatimDateIdentified: 1988

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brazil

firstPoliticalUnit: Minas Gerais

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Viçosa

verbatimLocality: Viçosa Agricultural College lands. Corrigo Ribeiro.

locality: Viçosa Agricultural College lands. Corrigo Ribeiro.

habitat: Shady streambank, on rotten log. Abundant.

verbatimElevation: 675 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 870845

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 209
File: 0249_C2079607F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 4698

verbatimEventDate: May 14, 1930

minimumEventDate: 1930-05-14

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Isopterygium curvicollum (G. Müll.) Mitt. Ex p.

latestScientificName: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

identifiedBy: R R Ireland

verbatimDateIdentified: 1988

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brazil

firstPoliticalUnit: Minas Gerais

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Viçosa

verbatimLocality: Fazenda de Cresiuma. Wood on slope

locality: Fazenda de Cresiuma. Wood on slope

habitat: On rotten log

verbatimElevation: 700 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 870839

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 210
File: 0250_C2079608F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 4884

verbatimEventDate: July 21, 1930

minimumEventDate: 1930-07-21

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Isopterygium curvicollum (C.M.) Mitt.

latestScientificName: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

identifiedBy: R R Ireland

verbatimDateIdentified: 1988

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brazil

firstPoliticalUnit: Minas Geraes

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Viçosa

verbatimLocality: Viçosa Agricultural College lands. Corrige Riberro.

locality: Viçosa Agricultural College lands. Corrige Riberro.

habitat: Shady streambank, on rotten log. Abundant.

verbatimElevation: 675 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1039977

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 211
File: 0251_C2079609F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 4545

verbatimEventDate: March 31, 1930

minimumEventDate: 1930-03-31

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Isopterygium curvicollum (Müll. Hal.) Mitt.

latestScientificName: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

identifiedBy: R R Ireland

verbatimDateIdentified: 1988

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brazil

firstPoliticalUnit: Minas Geraes

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Viçosa

verbatimLocality: Road to São Miguel. Near stream "Turba." Cut over woods on slope

locality: Road to São Miguel. Near stream "Turba." Cut over woods on slope

habitat: On rotting tree trunk

verbatimElevation: 710 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1039978

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 212
File: 0252_C2079611F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: leg. V. Schiffner

collectedBy: V Schiffner

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: m. Jul. fr.

minimumEventDate: 0000-07-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Isopterygium aurantiacum (C. M.) Broth.

latestScientificName: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

identifiedBy: R R Ireland

verbatimDateIdentified: 1988

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brazil

firstPoliticalUnit: Sao Paulo

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Cerqueira-Cesar

verbatimLocality: Brasilia (prov. Sao Paulo): prope urbem Cerqueira-Cesar, in palude, c. 500 m. s. m.

locality: Brasilia (prov. Sao Paulo): prope urbem Cerqueira-Cesar, in palude

habitat: in palude

verbatimElevation: c. 500 m. s. m.

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1012176

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 213
File: 0253_C2079856F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ynes Mexia, No. 4841

collectedBy: Y Mexia

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 4841

verbatimEventDate: July 6, 1930

minimumEventDate: 1930-07-06

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Isopterygium brachyneuron (C.M.) Mitt. ex p.

latestScientificName: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

identifiedBy: R R Ireland

verbatimDateIdentified: 1988

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brazil

firstPoliticalUnit: Minas Geraes

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Viçosa

verbatimLocality: Viçosa Agricultural College lands. Horticultural Hill. Cut over woods near base.

locality: Viçosa Agricultural College lands. Horticultural Hill. Cut over woods near base.

habitat: On rotting log. Abundant.

verbatimElevation: 670 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 870837

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 214
File: 0254_C2079858F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: COLLECTED BY R. S. WILLIAMS, 1901-1902

collectedBy: R S Williams

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 2095

verbatimEventDate: Jan. 29, 1901

minimumEventDate: 1901-01-29

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

latestScientificName: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

identifiedBy: R R Ireland

verbatimDateIdentified: 1988

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: San Buena Ventura, 190 meters, on bark

locality: San Buena Ventura, on bark

habitat: on bark

verbatimElevation: 190 meters

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 215
File: 0255_C2079859F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: COLLECTED BY R. S. WILLIAMS, 1901-1902

collectedBy: R S Williams

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 2059

verbatimEventDate: 1901-1902

minimumEventDate: 1901-00-00

maximumEventDate: 1902-00-00

verbatimIdentification: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

latestScientificName: Isopterygium tenerum (Sw.) Mitt.

identifiedBy: R S Williams

verbatimDateIdentified: 23 Jan 1902

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Junupasa

locality: Junupasa

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1017412

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 216
File: 0256_C2010970F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: leg. Hagen

collectedBy: Hagen

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 27/7 1907

minimumEventDate: 1907-07-27

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum unnigerum (Hedw.) var. humile (Wahlenb.)

latestScientificName: Pogonatum unnigerum (Hedw.) var. humile (Wahlenb.)

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Norway

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Sunde, Tøndeligen, Opdal, Værsligen

locality: Sunde, Tøndeligen, Opdal, Værsligen

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: altit. mtr. 900

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Handwritten

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 217
File: 0257_C2010972F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Herbarium of Elihu Hall

collectedBy: E Hall

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: s.d.

minimumEventDate: sd

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum umigerum Brid

latestScientificName: Pogonatum umigerum Brid

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: England

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: N/A

locality: [precise locality unknown]

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2010972

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 218
File: 0258_C2000534F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: N/A

collectedBy: N/A

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 1878

minimumEventDate: 1878-00-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum uncinatum Pat. Ben.

latestScientificName: Pogonatum uncinatum Pat. Ben.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: France

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Pyrenées: Gorge de Jeret

locality: Pyrenées: Gorge de Jeret

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 219
File: 0259_C2000536F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ex Herb. Wm. Mitten

collectedBy: W Mitten

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: s.d.

minimumEventDate: sd

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum urnigerum

latestScientificName: Pogonatum urnigerum

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: England

firstPoliticalUnit: Sussex

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Muddy Isle Near Blackdown

locality: Muddy Isle Near Blackdown

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 4096014

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 220
File: 0260_C2000538F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: George E. Hunt

collectedBy: G E Hunt

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 1837

minimumEventDate: 1837-00-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum urnigerum

latestScientificName: Pogonatum urnigerum

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: N/A

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Upton, Ocon

locality: Upton, Ocon

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1182972

originalMethod: Handwritten

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 221
File: 0261_C2000542F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: leg Jeanpert

collectedBy: Jeanpert

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 9/4/94

minimumEventDate: 1894-04-09

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum urnigerum P.B

latestScientificName: Pogonatum urnigerum P.B

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: France

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Villers Cotterets

verbatimLocality: route de Soissons, cassiende

locality: route de Soissons, cassiende

habitat: sable

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1058477

originalMethod: Handwritten

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 222
File: 0262_C2000932F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: C. Müller Frib

collectedBy: C Müller

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 476

verbatimEventDate: 9. Sept. 1905

minimumEventDate: 1905-09-09

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum urnigerum (L.) Pal. Beauv. c. fr.

latestScientificName: Pogonatum urnigerum (L.) Pal. Beauv.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: N/A

firstPoliticalUnit: Baden

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: auf Erde in Felsritzen zwischen Rinken und Seebrück am Feldberge

locality: auf Erde in Felsritzen zwischen Rinken und Seebrück am Feldberge

habitat: auf Erde in Felsritzen

verbatimElevation: etwa 1250 m s. m.

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1194391

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 223
File: 0263_C2000934F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: leg. Zd. Pilous

collectedBy: Z Pilous

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 214

verbatimEventDate: V. 1946

minimumEventDate: 1946-05-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum urnigerum P.B.

latestScientificName: Pogonatum urnigerum P.B.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Bohemia

firstPoliticalUnit: Montes Krkonoše

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: In declivis graminosis silvaticis prope pagum Hoření Vrchlabí, ca 580 m

locality: In declivis graminosis silvaticis prope pagum Hoření Vrchlabí, ca 580 meters

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: ca 580 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1270015

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 224
File: 0264_C2000936F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: James Thompson

collectedBy: J Thompson

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 1841-43

minimumEventDate: 1841-00-00

maximumEventDate: 1843-00-00

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum undulatum

latestScientificName: Pogonatum undulatum

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Scotland

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: N/A

locality: [precise locality unknown]

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1230929

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 225
File: 0265_C2000938F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Philippe

collectedBy: Philippe

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: s.d.

minimumEventDate: sd

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum urnigerum

latestScientificName: Pogonatum urnigerum

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: N/A

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Peña de Cheris

locality: Peña de Cheris

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1058446

originalMethod: Handwritten

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 226
File: 0266_C2000940F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: L. N. Johnson

collectedBy: L N Johnson

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 1848

verbatimEventDate: N/A

minimumEventDate: sd

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum urnigerum, Breaux.

latestScientificName: Pogonatum urnigerum, Breaux.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Germany

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Marraques Call.

locality: Marraques Call.

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1159426

originalMethod: Handwritten

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 227
File: 0267_C2000943F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Leg.

collectedBy: N/A

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 25/10 1901

minimumEventDate: 1901-10-25

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum urnigerum (Hedw.) P.B.

latestScientificName: Pogonatum urnigerum (Hedw.) P.B.

identifiedBy: C Jensen

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Denmark

firstPoliticalUnit: Sjelland

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Hvalse

verbatimLocality: Magistratakoven by Hvalse in a gravel-pit

locality: Magistratakoven by Hvalse in a gravel-pit

habitat: in a gravel-pit

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 228
File: 0268_C2000945F_corrected_transcripts.txt
Based on the provided images, I'll transcribe the herbarium label details following your specified format:

verbatimCollectors: N/A
collectedBy: N/A
secondaryCollectors: N/A
recordNumber: s.n.
verbatimEventDate: 15 Octobre 1919
minimumEventDate: 1919-10-15
maximumEventDate: N/A
verbatimIdentification: Pycnanthus unguinosus
latestScientificName: Pycnanthus unguinosus
identifiedBy: N/A
verbatimDateIdentified: N/A
associatedTaxa: N/A
country: N/A
firstPoliticalUnit: N/A
secondPoliticalUnit: N/A
municipality: N/A
verbatimLocality: N/A
locality: [precise locality unknown]
habitat: N/A
verbatimElevation: N/A
verbatimCoordinates: N/A
otherCatalogNumbers: 1058475
originalMethod: Handwritten
typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 229
File: 0269_C2000947F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: 1876 leg. Restoin

collectedBy: Restoin

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 1876

minimumEventDate: 1876-00-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum urnigerum P.B.

latestScientificName: Pogonatum urnigerum P.B.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: France

firstPoliticalUnit: Manche

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Sourdenal (manche)

locality: Sourdenal (manche)

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1058481

originalMethod: Handwritten

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 230
File: 0270_C2000949F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: ex herb. George E. Hunt

collectedBy: G E Hunt

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: s.d.

minimumEventDate: sd

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonia undulatum Bridel

latestScientificName: Pogonia undulatum Bridel

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Scotland

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: N/A

locality: [precise locality unknown]

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1182976

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 231
File: 0271_C2010614F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Leg. M. Onraedt

collectedBy: M Onraedt

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 76.6.8693

verbatimEventDate: Le 18.07.1976

minimumEventDate: 1976-07-18

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum urnigerum I. Beau., Schimp. - Polytrichum unigerum L.

latestScientificName: Pogonatum urnigerum I. Beau., Schimp.

identifiedBy: M Onraedt

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: Polytrichum unigerum L.

country: Suisse

firstPoliticalUnit: Chon du Valais

secondPoliticalUnit: Val d'Hérens

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: à la Forclaz

locality: à la Forclaz

habitat: sur talus ensoleillé

verbatimElevation: 1750 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 2010614

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 232
File: 0272_C2010616F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: M. Onraedt

collectedBy: M Onraedt

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 76.5.1580

verbatimEventDate: 24/07/1976

minimumEventDate: 1976-07-24

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum urnigerum P. Beau. / Achimp

latestScientificName: Pogonatum urnigerum P. Beau. / Achimp

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: N/A

firstPoliticalUnit: Valais

secondPoliticalUnit: Val d'Hérens

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: ton du Valais, Val d'Hérens, entre St. Martin et Mase

locality: ton du Valais, Val d'Hérens, entre St. Martin et Mase

habitat: talus forestier

verbatimElevation: 1600m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1050867

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 233
File: 0273_C2010618F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Barnes legit

collectedBy: Barnes

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: Feb. 1868

minimumEventDate: 1868-02-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum unigrum, Bridd.

latestScientificName: Pogonatum urnigerum

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: N/A

firstPoliticalUnit: Westmorland

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: N/A

locality: [precise locality unknown]

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1058318

originalMethod: Handwritten

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 234
File: 0274_C2010620F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Jack, Leiner u. Stizenberger

collectedBy: Jack

secondaryCollectors: Leiner | Stizenberger

recordNumber: 986A b

verbatimEventDate: 25. August 1850

minimumEventDate: 1850-08-25

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum urnigerum (L.) Pal. Beauv.

latestScientificName: Pogonatum urnigerum (L.) Pal. Beauv.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: N/A

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Salem

verbatimLocality: An Waldgräben bei Salem

locality: An Waldgräben bei Salem

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1054838

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 235
File: 0275_C2010622F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Dr. Hepp

collectedBy: Dr Hepp

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 986 B

verbatimEventDate: 17. October 1862

minimumEventDate: 1862-10-17

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum urnigerum (L.) Pal. Beauv.

latestScientificName: Pogonatum urnigerum (L.) Pal. Beauv.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: N/A

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Degerfelden

verbatimLocality: An einem Waldrande auf dem rothen Sandsteinbruche oberhalb Degerfelden

locality: An einem Waldrande auf dem rothen Sandsteinbruche oberhalb Degerfelden

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1054981

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 236
File: 0276_C2010624F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Jack, Leiner u. Stizenberger

collectedBy: Jack

secondaryCollectors: Leiner | Stizenberger

recordNumber: 986B

verbatimEventDate: September 1862

minimumEventDate: 1862-09-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum urnigerum (L.) Pal. Beauv.

latestScientificName: Pogonatum urnigerum (L.) Pal. Beauv.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: N/A

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Schaffhausen

verbatimLocality: In Hohlwegen bei Schaffhausen

locality: In Hohlwegen bei Schaffhausen

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1055060

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 237
File: 0277_C2010626F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Coll. and determ. C. Jensen

collectedBy: C Jensen

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 104

verbatimEventDate: November 21, 1904

minimumEventDate: 1904-11-21

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum urnigerum (Hedw.) P.B. c. fr.

latestScientificName: Pogonatum urnigerum (Hedw.) P.B.

identifiedBy: C Jensen

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Denmark

firstPoliticalUnit: Zealand

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: sandy soil in Magistratskoven south of Hvalsø

locality: sandy soil in Magistratskoven south of Hvalsø

habitat: sandy soil

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 238
File: 0278_C2010974F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: P. Allorge leg.

collectedBy: P Allorge

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 49

verbatimEventDate: 22. VIII. 1927

minimumEventDate: 1927-08-22

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum urnigerum (Linné Sp. Plant. II, p. 1109, N° 3, 1753, sub Polytricho), Palisot de Beauvois Prodr., p. 84, 1805, C. So.

latestScientificName: Pogonatum urnigerum (Linné Sp. Plant. II, p. 1109, N° 3, 1753, sub Polytricho), Palisot de Beauvois Prodr., p. 84, 1805, C. So.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: Blasia pussila L. Peilia epiphylla (L.) Lindb., Alicularia scalaris (Schr.) Corda, Dichodontium pellucidum (L. pp.) Schimp., Rhyttidiadelphus loreus (Dill., L.) Warnst.

country: Spain

firstPoliticalUnit: Navarra

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Puerto de Ibañeta (Navarra), talus argileux (schistes)

locality: Puerto de Ibañeta (Navarra), talus argileux (schistes)

habitat: Calcifuge, mésophile, sciaphile. Fréquent sur les talus siliceux frais, récemment dénudés

verbatimElevation: ca 1.050 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1200129

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 239
File: 0279_C2010976F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: leg. Zd. Pilous

collectedBy: Z Pilous

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 1025

verbatimEventDate: VII. 1949

minimumEventDate: 1949-07-00

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pogonatum urnigerum Pal. var. humile Brid.

latestScientificName: Pogonatum urnigerum Pal. var. humile Brid.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Slovakia

firstPoliticalUnit: Montēs Nízké Tatry

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: In terra montis Ďumbier, ca 1840 m

locality: In terra montis Ďumbier, ca 1840 meters

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: ca 1840 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1350887

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 240
File: 0280_C1042257F_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: S. Churchill et al.

collectedBy: S Churchill

secondaryCollectors: H Huaylla | R Lozano | M Serrano

recordNumber: 22853

verbatimEventDate: 12 May 2004

minimumEventDate: 2004-05-12

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Neckera scabridens C. Müller

latestScientificName: Neckera scabridens C. Müller

identifiedBy: S Churchill

verbatimDateIdentified: Jun 2004

associatedTaxa: Prumnopitys exigua, Podocarpus, Myrcianthes, N. chilensis

country: Bolivia

firstPoliticalUnit: Chuquisaca

secondPoliticalUnit: Belisario Boeto

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Monte Grande, ca. 32 km de Villa Serrano

locality: Monte Grande, ca. 32 km de Villa Serrano

habitat: Bosque montano de yungas. Musgo sobre rama de árbol; c.fr.

verbatimElevation: 2740 m

verbatimCoordinates: 18°43'43"S 64°29'07"W

otherCatalogNumbers: 1183467

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 241
File: 0281_K000931304_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: E. Córdula (309); Y Melo & K.Pinheiro

collectedBy: E Córdula

secondaryCollectors: Y Melo | K Pinheiro

recordNumber: 309

verbatimEventDate: 23/VI/2007

minimumEventDate: 2007-06-23

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Ancistrotropis peduncularis (Fawcett & Rendle) A. Delgado (Phaseolus peduncularis Fawcett & Rendle) (Vigna peduncularis (Kunth) Fawcett & Rendle)

latestScientificName: Ancistrotropis peduncularis (Fawcett & Rendle) A. Delgado

identifiedBy: G P Lewis

verbatimDateIdentified: 12.2012

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brasil

firstPoliticalUnit: Pernambuco

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Mirandiba

verbatimLocality: BRASIL. Pernambuco - Município de Mirandiba. Serra das Umburanas (afloramento rochoso)

locality: BRASIL. Pernambuco - Município de Mirandiba. Serra das Umburanas (afloramento rochoso)

habitat: Caatinga arbórea- arbustiva densa, solo derivado de embasamento cristalino

verbatimElevation: 457 m (base)

verbatimCoordinates: Lat.: 8°12' S Long.: 38°32'

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 242
File: 0282_EIG.6763_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ilkka Kukkonen

collectedBy: I Kukkonen

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 11003

verbatimEventDate: 13. Sept. 1981

minimumEventDate: 1981-09-13

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Arthropteris tenella (Forst. F.) J. Sm.

latestScientificName: Arthropteris tenella (Forst. F.) J. Sm.

identifiedBy: J Sarvela

verbatimDateIdentified: 1982

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Australia

firstPoliticalUnit: Queensland

secondPoliticalUnit: Atherton Tableland

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Lamin's Hill, E. of Malanda

locality: Lamin's Hill, East of Malanda

habitat: Patch of rain forest. Fern climbing on tree stems

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1459190

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 243
File: 0283_K001046329_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Pabst 5421

collectedBy: Pabst

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 5421

verbatimEventDate: 7.9.60

minimumEventDate: 1960-09-07

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Evicena tomentosa

latestScientificName: Avicennia tomentosum

identifiedBy: A P Duarte

verbatimDateIdentified: 23.9.60

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brasil

firstPoliticalUnit: Guanabara

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: mangue próximo ao Jóquei Club da Ilha do "Governador."

locality: mangue próximo ao Jóquei Club da Ilha do "Governador."

habitat: Arbusto e pequenas árvores de flores brancas

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 244
File: 0284_K000964719_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: W. Hoehne

collectedBy: W Hoehne

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 10228

verbatimEventDate: 13/9/33

minimumEventDate: 1933-09-13

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Cestrum corymbosum Schlecht.

latestScientificName: Cestrum corymbosum Schlecht.

identifiedBy: M Kuhlmann

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brasil

firstPoliticalUnit: São Paulo

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: São Paulo

verbatimLocality: Cantareiras. São Paulo

locality: Cantareiras. São Paulo

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 245
File: 0285_EIG.5460_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: leg. H. Eggert

collectedBy: H Eggert

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 17 May '78

minimumEventDate: 1878-05-17

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Cystopteris balbida Berch

latestScientificName: Cystopteris fragilis (L.) Bernh.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: United States

firstPoliticalUnit: Illinois

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Buffalo

verbatimLocality: Buffalo, Illinois

locality: Buffalo, Illinois

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 1126459

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 246
File: 0286_EIG.435_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Ilkka Kukkonen 12608

collectedBy: I Kukkonen

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 12608

verbatimEventDate: 8.XI.1982

minimumEventDate: 1982-11-08

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Dryopteris inaequalis (Schlechtend) O. Kuntze

latestScientificName: Dryopteris inaequalis (Schlechtend) O. Kuntze

identifiedBy: J Sarvela

verbatimDateIdentified: 1983

associatedTaxa: Festuca schefflerii, Euryops prostrata, Anthemis tigrensis, Juniperus proecera

country: Ethiopia

firstPoliticalUnit: Bale Adm. Reg.

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Bale Adm. Reg., Saneti plateau and Mount Batu, 06°55'N; 39°40'E, c. 4000-4200 m. In alpine belt dominated by Festuca schefflerii, Euryops prostrata, Anthemis tigrensis.

locality: Bale Adm. Reg., Saneti plateau and Mount Batu. On the way to Saneti plateau from Robe. Steep forested slope of a river canyon. Pastured slope.

habitat: In alpine belt dominated by Festuca schefflerii, Euryops prostrata, Anthemis tigrensis. Steep forested slope of a river canyon, e.g. Juniperus proecera. Pastured slope.

verbatimElevation: c. 3400 m

verbatimCoordinates: 06°55'N; 39°40'E

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 247
File: 0287_E00570050_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Vallejo-Marin, M.

collectedBy: M Vallejo-Marin

secondaryCollectors: G Lye | D Barragán | M A Vallejo | C Marin | I Vallejo

recordNumber: 11-LED-seed-2-14

verbatimEventDate: 23 Mar 2012

minimumEventDate: 2012-03-23

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Mimulus peregrinus sp. nov.

latestScientificName: Mimulus peregrinus Vall-Mann

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: 2012

associatedTaxa: M. x robertsii

country: Scotland

firstPoliticalUnit: South Lanarkshire

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Leadhills

verbatimLocality: British Isles, v.c. 77, Shortcleuch Water, Leadhills, South Lanarkshire, Scotland. OS Grid reference: NS 9029 1578. WGS84 coordinates: N 55.4237°, W 3.7349°

locality: British Isles, v.c. 77, Shortcleuch Water, Leadhills, South Lanarkshire, Scotland. OS Grid reference: NS 9029 1578. WGS84 coordinates: N 55.4237°, W 3.7349°

habitat: Occurring on the banks of a stream on a substrate of sand and shingle

verbatimElevation: 360 m

verbatimCoordinates: N 55.4237°, W 3.7349°

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: Holotype
==================================================
Entry 248
File: 0288_K000773283_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: B. T. Lowne

collectedBy: B T Lowne

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: Aug. 9th 1902

minimumEventDate: 1902-08-09

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Monotropa Hypopithys

latestScientificName: Monotropa Hypopitys

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: United Kingdom

firstPoliticalUnit: Surrey

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Reigate Hill, Surrey

locality: Reigate Hill, Surrey

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Handwritten

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 249
File: 0289_BR0000006918378_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Bart Van de Vijver

collectedBy: B Van de Vijver

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 25/04/2007

minimumEventDate: 2007-04-25

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Ophrys oestrifera subsp. garganensis Van de Vijver & W. Van Looken

latestScientificName: Ophrys oestrifera ssp. montis-garganica

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: Cistus and Pinus

country: Italia

firstPoliticalUnit: Promontorio del Gargano

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Madonna di Loreto

verbatimLocality: Behind the Chapel of Madonna di Loreto

locality: Behind the Chapel of Madonna di Loreto

habitat: macchia-shrub with Cistus and Pinus

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: 6918378

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 250
File: 0290_K001207911_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: B. Hatschbach 20590

collectedBy: B Hatschbach

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 20590

verbatimEventDate: 9/11/968

minimumEventDate: 1968-11-09

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pfaffia glabratoides Ssgth.

latestScientificName: Pfaffia glabratoides Ssgth.

identifiedBy: T M Pedersen

verbatimDateIdentified: 971

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: N/A

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: Laranjeiras

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Rio Iguaçu, prox. a barra do Perdido (mun. Laranjeiras)

locality: Rio Iguaçu, prox. a barra do Perdido (mun. Laranjeiras)

habitat: Erva 1m, terreno arenoso, margens de rio

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 251
File: 0291_K000263710_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: J.J. de Wilde, Sosef & van Nek

collectedBy: J J de Wilde

secondaryCollectors: M S M Sosef | C van Nek

recordNumber: 10130

verbatimEventDate: 22-1-1991

minimumEventDate: 1991-01-22

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Rhynchosia gabonensis Jongkind

latestScientificName: Rhynchosia gabonensis Jongkind

identifiedBy: ADB et al

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Gabon

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: About 10 km. on the road from Tchimbélé to Assok. 0 04 N., 10 23 E.

locality: About 10 km. on the road from Tchimbélé to Assok

habitat: Vine, 7 m. long in tree in roadside. Pods silvery-grey. Seeds glossy, dark blue. Leaflets thick leathery, dull, green above, beneath paler green, with reddish nervation

verbatimElevation: ± 580 m

verbatimCoordinates: 0 04 N., 10 23 E

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: Isotype
==================================================
Entry 252
File: 0292_BM000934757_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: WILHELM SUKSDORF

collectedBy: W Suksdorf

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 12045

verbatimEventDate: 3. Aug. 1926

minimumEventDate: 1926-08-03

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Solanum triflorum Nutt.

latestScientificName: Solanum triflorum Nutt.

identifiedBy: T Särkinen E

verbatimDateIdentified: 2014

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: United States

firstPoliticalUnit: Washington

secondPoliticalUnit: Klickitat County

municipality: Bingen

verbatimLocality: High sandy river-bank at Bingen

locality: High sandy river-bank at Bingen

habitat: High sandy river-bank

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Handwritten

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 253
File: 0293_K000536956_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: COLL. J. FRANCIS MACBRIDE

collectedBy: J F Macbride

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 5234

verbatimEventDate: AUG. 27-SEPT. 1, 1923

minimumEventDate: 1923-08-27

maximumEventDate: 1923-09-01

verbatimIdentification: Tococa undabunda Macbr.

latestScientificName: Tococa undabunda J. F. Macbr.

identifiedBy: F A Michelangeli

verbatimDateIdentified: 20.08

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Peru

firstPoliticalUnit: N/A

secondPoliticalUnit: La Merced

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Montaña slope HACIENDA SCHUNKE

locality: Montaña slope Hacienda Schunke

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: ABOUT 4000 FEET

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: Isotype
==================================================
Entry 254
File: 0294_B 10 0375227_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: X. Cornejo, C. Bonifaz 5822

collectedBy: X Cornejo

secondaryCollectors: C Bonifaz

recordNumber: 5822

verbatimEventDate: Oct. 27, 1997

minimumEventDate: 1997-10-27

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Capparis sclerophylla Iltis nov.sp.

latestScientificName: Capparis sclerophylla Iltis

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: C. heterophylla, C. scabrida, C. lanceolata y C. crotonoides

country: Ecuador

firstPoliticalUnit: Manabí

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: Bahía de Caráquez

verbatimLocality: Prov. Manabí. Bahía de Caráquez a 8 Km. Alrededores de Universidad Católica. Bosque seco tropical deciduo, fuertemente intervenido

locality: Prov. Manabí. Bahía de Caráquez a 8 Km. Alrededores de Universidad Católica. Bosque seco tropical deciduo, fuertemente intervenido

habitat: Arbusto de 1 m alto hasta arbolillo de 4 m. Flores blancas, corola reflexa color blanco puro, filamentos (2mm). Ginóforo con pedúnculo blanco, cuando maduro púrpura. Partes vegetativas con olor a legumbre. Asociada con: C. heterophylla, C. scabrida, C. lanceolata y C. crotonoides

verbatimElevation: 30 m

verbatimCoordinates: LATITUD -00,45 LONGITUD -80,32

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: Isotipo
==================================================
Entry 255
File: 0295_B 10 0185601_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: M. l'Abbé Delavay

collectedBy: M l'Abbé Delavay

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: s.n.

verbatimEventDate: 2 april 1887

minimumEventDate: 1887-04-02

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Gentiana albescens Franch

latestScientificName: Gentiana albescens Franch

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: China

firstPoliticalUnit: Province du Yun-nan

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: in collibus prope Mo-so-yn

locality: in collibus prope Mo-so-yn

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Handwritten

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 256
File: 0296_B 10 0030508_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Winfried Meier y Silvia Llamozas

collectedBy: W Meier

secondaryCollectors: S Llamozas

recordNumber: 3685

verbatimEventDate: 16-19 de abril 1993

minimumEventDate: 1993-04-16

maximumEventDate: 1993-04-19

verbatimIdentification: Klarobelia subglobosa Chatrou

latestScientificName: Klarobelia subglobosa Chatrou

identifiedBy: L Chatrou

verbatimDateIdentified: 1999

associatedTaxa: Malmea dicina

country: Venezuela

firstPoliticalUnit: Distrito Federal, Estado Miranda

secondPoliticalUnit: N/A

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Distrito Federal, Estado Miranda: Cordillera de la Costa: excursión Guatire-Caruao: ruta: Fila Juan Torres-Río Brazo Grande-Fila Maestra-Río Caruao-población San Jorge de Caruao

locality: Distrito Federal, Estado Miranda: Cordillera de la Costa: excursión Guatire-Caruao: ruta: Fila Juan Torres-Río Brazo Grande-Fila Maestra-Río Caruao-población San Jorge de Caruao

habitat: árbol caído, secado género nuevo para Venezuela Distrito Federal: Fila Jabillar: en selva

verbatimElevation: 500 msnm

verbatimCoordinates: lat.: 10°34'N, long.: 66°23'O

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Mix of Handwritten and Typed

typeStatus: Isotypus
==================================================
Entry 257
File: 0297_B 10 0069251_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: Kessler

collectedBy: P Kessler

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 283

verbatimEventDate: 21.12.1988

minimumEventDate: 1988-12-21

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Euphorbiaceae Mallotus paniculatus

latestScientificName: Mallotus paniculatus

identifiedBy: P Kessler

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Malaysia

firstPoliticalUnit: Sarawak

secondPoliticalUnit: 1st Division

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Base of Gunung Pueh

locality: Base of Gunung Pueh

habitat: Secondary vegetation along road. Shrub c. 4 m tall, stem and lower leaf surface brownish, fruit greenish brown

verbatimElevation: up to 200 m

verbatimCoordinates: N/A

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 258
File: 0298_B 10 0279821_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: M. JACOBS

collectedBy: M Jacobs

secondaryCollectors: N/A

recordNumber: 5005

verbatimEventDate: Aug. 1

minimumEventDate: 1958-08-01

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Piptospatha grabowskii (Engl.) Engl. (Syn. P. havilandii (Engl.) Engl.)

latestScientificName: Piptospatha grabowskii (Engl.) Engl.

identifiedBy: N/A

verbatimDateIdentified: N/A

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Borneo

firstPoliticalUnit: Sarawak

secondPoliticalUnit: 1st div.

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: N. slopes of Mount Penrissen (S. of Kuching), approx. 1°5' N., 110°15' E. Primary forest on sandstone substratum.

locality: N. slopes of Mount Penrissen (S. of Kuching), approx. 1°5' N., 110°15' E. Primary forest on sandstone substratum.

habitat: in very moist sandstone gorge on rocks. Inflor. sheath violet, tip olive-greenish; ♀ and ♂ flowers sordidly pale yellow. Frequent on the spot. Pollinated by small blue glossy beetles.

verbatimElevation: c. 700-900 m

verbatimCoordinates: approx. 1°5' N., 110°15' E

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: no type status
==================================================
Entry 259
File: 0299_B 10 0030420_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: P. J. M. & H. Maas, L. Kollmann

collectedBy: P J M Maas

secondaryCollectors: H Maas | L Kollmann

recordNumber: 8833

verbatimEventDate: 16 Feb 1999

minimumEventDate: 1999-02-16

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Pseudoxandra spiritus-sancti Maas

latestScientificName: Pseudoxandra spiritus-sancti Maas

identifiedBy: P J M Maas

verbatimDateIdentified: 1999

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Brazil

firstPoliticalUnit: Espírito Santo

secondPoliticalUnit: Santa Teresa

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Est. Espírito Santo, Municipio de Santa Teresa, Estação Biológica de Santa Lúcia

locality: Est. Espírito Santo, Municipio de Santa Teresa, Estação Biológica de Santa Lúcia

habitat: High forest, on brown sand; vegetation with many Palmae and terrestrial and epiphytic Bromeliaceae Tree, 15 m tall, 20 cm in diam., upper side of leaves strongly shiny, dark green above, lower side shiny, pale green, sepals and petals green, young monocarps shiny, reddish green, stipes reddish

verbatimElevation: 800 m

verbatimCoordinates: 19°58'S 40°32'W

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: Isotype
==================================================
Entry 260
File: 0300_B 10 0385068_corrected_transcripts.txt
verbatimCollectors: R. Berazaín, J. Bisse, M. A. Díaz, H. Dietrich, L. González Géigel, J. Gutiérrez, E. Köhler, L. Lepper, U. Rändel, H. Schaarschmidt

collectedBy: R Berazaín

secondaryCollectors: J Bisse | M A Díaz | H Dietrich | L González Géigel | J Gutiérrez | E Köhler | L Lepper | U Rändel | H Schaarschmidt

recordNumber: HFC 39098

verbatimEventDate: 09-II-1979

minimumEventDate: 1979-02-09

maximumEventDate: N/A

verbatimIdentification: Stenandrium pallidum H. Dietr.

latestScientificName: Stenandrium pallidum H. Dietr.

identifiedBy: H Manitz

verbatimDateIdentified: 2007

associatedTaxa: N/A

country: Cuba

firstPoliticalUnit: Guantánamo

secondPoliticalUnit: San Antonio del Sur

municipality: N/A

verbatimLocality: Prov. Guantánamo, Mun. San Antonio del Sur: Abra de Mariana, loma al oeste del barranco

locality: Prov. Guantánamo, Mun. San Antonio del Sur: Abra de Mariana, loma al oeste del barranco

habitat: N/A

verbatimElevation: N/A

verbatimCoordinates: Coordenadas de la cuadrícula (Cuba 1:250000): 16/71 [15/70]

otherCatalogNumbers: N/A

originalMethod: Typed

typeStatus: Isotypus
==================================================
